Belmont Estate is on the market for $63 million and boasts roughly 22,000 square feet of luxurious finishes and elaborate architecture on 1.28 acres. Listed on Thursday, the home is being sold by high-end real estate firm Sotheby’s International Realty Canada.
“Within the city we’ve had homes that have sold for $56 million, $33 million, $31 million but this will be the record of the offering price,” listing agent Christa Frosch of Sotheby’s tells BuzzBuzzNews.
The three-storey home has five bedrooms, twelve bathrooms and an elevator in the west wing. Built to entertain, two main gallery halls can seat up to 100 guests. The Italian-inspired kitchen includes a fireplace and walls and ceilings throughout the home feature murals and artwork. Lavish amenities include an indoor pool and sauna, a six-car garage and a private entrance in-law’s suite.
Surrounding the property is a Versailles-inspired garden with a variety of trees, plants and an orchard. In the spring, over 12,000 flowers bloom in the tiered, three-level garden.
According to Frosch, the listing has received global attention and, despite being on the market for only 24 hours, buyers are already showing interest.
“We just went to the market yesterday, it’s private through Sotheby’s and we’ve already started to get calls,” says Frosch.

Stay well hydrated—that means you should include about 48- 64 ounces of liquid (non-calorie) each day. You will be drinking small amounts (“sips”) every hour through the day since you will not be able to drink a large amount all at once.
On Day Four after your surgery, begin adding liquid protein during this Phase (20 to 30 grams per day). That means you should buy a protein powder suggested by your dietitian, doctor or nurse. We recommend:
Unjury (20grams of whey protein isolate per packet) once a day (available at our office or www.UNJURY.com or 800-517-5111
Watch for signs of dehydration!
Review protein sources: meats, chicken, turkey, eggs, cheese, low fat milk, yogurt, tofu, soy beans, other legumes (beans)
You may use baby food without added sugar or starch such as baby food chicken, no blends such as chicken and rice.
You can eat fruits without sugar or syrup.
You may use a blender or food processor to keep foods soft.
Introduce new foods slowly and one at a time.
For extra protein add powdered milk (1/4 c) to your 1 cup of skim milk (this give about 18 grams of protein)
Taking vitamins will become a daily part of your life after gastric bypass surgery. We recommend:
Calcium Citrate, 1500 mg in 3 divided doses with Vitamin D 3 (2000 IU per day)
Continue to eat a high protein food at each meal such as lean meat or chicken
(50 grams of protein for women/ 60 grams for men), lean ground turkey is good choice for this phase
Use skim milk as a protein source (2 cups per day)
Get your lab work at 3 months, 6 months 1 year and yearly after surgery
See your surgeon for regular check-ups and lab work
Call or e-mail the nurse or dietitian if you have questions 412-741-8862
Hi, I'm Rudy. It will be ten years on June 21, 2014 I started on a remarkable journey; I had gastric bypass surgery.
Five months before that day, I was at my primary care physician's and he asked me if I ever thought of having bypass surgery. I never gave it a thought. I was on three blood pressure medications, cholesterol medicine, and 100 units of insulin every day. I had trouble breathing, just walking up a slight grade I had to use an inhaler.
Surgery went well. Recovery didn't take long and I was eating real food. I've been around 180 lbs. for 10 years now. I went from a 44 inch waist to a 34 inch waist. I feel strong and I have a lot more energy.
I don't use an inhaler anymore. I'm off all my blood pressure medications, cholesterol medicine and I went from 100 units of insulin down to 20 units of insulin a day.
At my heaviest, I weighed 283 lbs. and I have managed to keep 100 lbs. off for 10 years.
One thing I've learned is that I can leave food on my plate when I'm full.

Travelling alone can be a daunting prospect, not least to attend a wedding alone. The original plan had been to go with another neighbour, but she slipped a disc in her back and was unable to fly. Having fully absorbed the message from our esteemed Minister for Disabled People that everywhere is now fully accessible and disabled people don't need any extra money to pay for that perfect access I wasn't put off by such trivial concerns and on thursday I went to Ireland to see my lovely neighbour marry in her home town of Swinford.
Despite Maria's assurances of perfect access it seemed to take me much more time to arrange my travel and be more expensive than for the other guests. Travel Insurance cost double the standard amount, then there was arranging support at each airport before I went, which could only be confirmed on a 10p a minute phone line. The Bride had booked a hotel with access for the reception, in which I had to stay because whilst all the cheaper accomodation 'just over the road' was within comfortable drunken stumbling distance it certainly wasn't within any kind of deathwalking distance.
My neighbour had booked an accessible mini bus to take us from the airport to hotel which we eventually managed to find after a somewhat disturbing Mrs Robinson moment. There was a very attractive young man who looked in his early 20's on the flight who was also going to the wedding, who helped with my bag. I began to think it might be great fun until he told me had never flown alone before and his mum hadn't given him any money for the mini bus at which point I felt like a paedophile!
The mini bus journey was similar to the flight...with the added smell of old diesel for ambience. We all sat, in somewhat shell shocked silence, fighting the urge to vomit. Eventually we got to the hotel in Westport and then it got really tricky. But, I was in Ireland...so I offered up my prayers to Maria. I knew she'd fix it.
I'm really glad I got to see the bride and groom on their big day, but I can't help feeling that Maria really let me down. I had such faith in her, she tells us all often enough that everything's great and well...it kind of wasn't great. More a bit crap really. So next time I think I can travel alone, without any support I'll have to remember Maria and her magical misleading missives.
*Apologies to the people of Kerry who I'm sure are all very nice
If its any consolation, the Irish have Kerry-men as the but of all their jokes, with good reason.
Excellent post Kaliya, very well written. Sorry things didn't go better for you, not that it's not expected to anyway. This needs to be read by all in government, not that it would make any difference though. Loved your come back to Mr. offensive, don't know that I would have been so polite; TV and billboards need to run a campaign on educating people to the different disabilities and especially invisible disabilities, so sad that in this day and age there is so much ignorance around.
Thanks for posting this. I forget how sheltered I am by having a hubby in tow - or, no, what actually happens is that I conveniently blank out how hideous things were whenever he couldn't be there.
For our wedding we tried relatively hard to ensure accessibleness for our wheelchair using guest, although being in a listed building meant he couldn't get upstairs for the marriage ceremony. We visited the accommodation (100 yards away on the flat from the reception venue), measured it, photographed it, judged it according to the very useful criteria you have posted. But he declined to come, because he'd had such a horrendous time visiting other 'accessible' venues and finding out they weren't really.
He just couldn't risk the health consequences of turning up to find things weren't actually as he needed them. This is why it's such a tragedy that accessibility isn't thought through from the perspective of what people really need.
YOu look so beautiful (Then again you would look beautiful in sack cloth lol)
I rarely go out now - since i had my sticked kicked out from under me and the time they refused to sit down in a closed cafe in the local mall, since then my life has got smaller and smaller.
So life is very small. Friends are nowhere to be found and I wonder what I did to get this.
But - I am still alive at the moment so that is a plus, I love my family, and I live vicariously through others who blog LOLOL
I love you taking us with you on your adventures thorugh the accessible world of the UK...
Hope you are OK and have got over the stress of your trip now <3
Ah, now I understand the 'Ireland didn't go well' comment in your email earlier! Poor you, that wasn't much fun at all. I expect you were relieved to be home and on 'terra firma'!!
No extra costs for access? Asking for a disabled access hack if I want to take my chair (Quickie Ti - weighs little, I can just pick it up and put it in, no need for time-consuming ramps), to the pub here in Wirral jacks up the normal fair by about £1.50.
Not so, though, if I don't have my chair. Clearly discriminatory.
You should do a Rough Guide version of international travel!
The rude drunk - a classic example. I too admire your dignity in the face of adversity.
Katie price has tweeted for models all shapes or sizes! are you going to give it a go for all young disabled people as you certainly do sparkle. Just a thought?
Think she is becoming aware of all drawbacks as parents and herself are having to set up schmo as Harvey's is closing and they want the pupils to stay together cos of friendships and routine, as we all know how especially this is important.
Dear me, what an ordeal; you looked great though!
I miss the holidays, but I've accepted it now. I can't risk the knock on effect of months of even worse health than usual.
You were very brave to do what you did!
If you ever want to prove him wrong,I'm right here Bendy,at the back of this very long queue :D

He attracts all these girls who are over obsessed with him, HE IS JUST A 16 YEAR OLD BOY, he is human and no different to us boys. So why are girls obsessed with him!
Im a 15 year old boy, he also annoys me due to the fact that his boxers are always showing, do you know this originated from PRISON, guys used to pull there trousers too under their butt to show that they are free and wanting anul s*x
I'm g*y and have awesome gaydar. Kids a little q***r. As for him dating a girl...It's called playing straight. Did it for 5 years myself. It's the easiest game to play. Either way. Listen to real music that talks about real issues, not petty adolesent emotions. Dare to think think for yourself rather than eat the force fed s**t that everyone likes. I hope some of you are smarter than you appear to be..
people have there facts all wrong,his a boy not a girl,he never used those things which change your voice he just got better at it,he's nice,kind,sweet,awsome,cool,a great singer and caring,and that he is american and canadian,haven't you watched tv that you can be a person of two countries
-In all of his music videos, he portays himself at American. The American flag, the American dream, etc. I find it insulting he seems to want to hide his nationalistic pride for his home country (and mine), Canada.
-He flaunts all of his more famous associates and uses them as credibility.
-He pretends to be an activist for g*y rights, when he hides his own bisexuality from the press. (He is in fact bisexual. Ask anyone who knew him from before he became famous.)
-He uses voice enhancers (aka autotuners) for recordings and concerts. He is not as good a singer as many believe him to be (if you don't believe this, compare his early youtube uploads to his current songs)
2. he cant control that, so its pretty low.
and yeah im a boy,and no, im not g*y, im a nice guy. i dont love his songs or anything , but he's not that bad tbh.
he's an insult to real music. autotune does not mean you can sing well.
I don't think he's g*y I just don't like him:
-He is 16... how does he even know what love is all about or have the life experience to back it up?
Also... just cause guys call him g*y in no way means that they are jealous of Justin Bieber, we just don't see what the big deal with him is... also all the Justine Bieber fans who were upset about Arcade Fire getting best album at the Grammy's instead of Justin Bieber needs to calm. If you haven't heard Arcade Fire's album and you don't know it... then don't complain that J.B. should have won.... We've heard his stuff and don't like it... might as well widen your musical boundaries a little, eh? (I'm from Michigan, not Canada)
Anyway that's my reasoning... agree with me or not, that's just how I feel.
1) he HAS hit puberty. listen to his recent songs
4) he got a haircut and he looks soo much better
Back to the subject. he has completed more things already than most people do in their life time! And its just the beginning
And by the way EVERY sing guy in this world thinks about girls and wants girls. Hes just like every other guy.
I'm a girl but I don't like him that much.
1. He hasn't got puberty and he's 16.
2. If he still hasn't got it, he acts like he's 20 and sings about girls which is annoying and weird for his age type.
3. He has only girl fans OBVIOUSLY. Only 1 or 2 boys around the world or even none like him. He is unpopular and people are his fans cause they way he looks. DUMB.
5. He doesn't have a sponser. He should be by disney or something.
The reasons could be as many as you can just think about because when you are drawing others fan's towards you then must definitely the competitive environment will be alarmingly high and same goes here with Justin Drew Bieber.
2 you hear him every freaking day on a commercial he reminds me of a girl singer or alvin and the chipmunks
3 i dont really hate g**s but can you compare the way they talk act and what they sound like and they share many similarities?
4why do you even like him? he doesnt look hot. he thinks he can rap with people who can. i respect real rappers. if i were him i would be imbarrassed to try to be a rapper even though im not that good at rapping.
i think i have made my point i dont hate him,its just i think he is making so many wrong choices leading him in random success
People are annoying. Don't listen to them. Guys do it cause their just JEALOUS of him and his sexiness, hotness, and his hair. They just call him that because of those things. THEY MAKE ME MADDDDD!
4 reasons why people hate justin bieber.
He has the voice of a chipmunk.
we are not JEALOUS because he has no talent so wat is there to be jealous of??
that is why i hate justin bieber.
h**l if I know if he is g*y or not, just a little bit odd. Mostly I just hate his music, a bunch of sing-about-love stuff again. I get enough of that from way to many places. But I, in general, hate alot of what play on a couple radio stations around me, so its not really targeted right at beiber.
His music is symbolic of the complete commercialization of modern pop music.
It's music made simply for a quick profit.
If you like it you've never listened to real music made for the purpose of sounding good.
Why dont you just become a walking billboard for pepsi and get it over with?
g*y is used as a derrogatory term which is not the same as homosexual.
i dont think he is g*y i just dont like the fact he didnt have to work to become famous.
Boys think Justin is g*y because they are attracted to him. Girls like Bieber because he appears to be gentle and delicate in handling women. All of you haters die with agonizing pain of jealousy, none of you can do any harm to how females think of him. Learn to respect people and mean it from the heart, you might also get someone to like you.
ACTUALLY!! he admitted himself he was g*y, umm no hes not smart, he ran into a glass door, hmm lets see what else, umm he started his own nail polish brand which comes out in a couple weeks, i think that pretty much says it all right their!!
Lets start with..He has no talent and his voice can pass for a girl..Which I guess is fine considering girls dig Jonas Brother, Zac Effron, etc. Have fun with that. Stop defending someone who's a 1-year sensation and get a life
Justin serenaded wonderful or better than a great I like popular songs, particularly as it is talented. all those who hate Justin are g**s because they feel jealous of him because he is handsome at the same time a rising singer and a small age. I myself appreciate the wonderful artist with this beautiful and talented .
I think all guys hate him because guys have completely different taste in music and his voice is like girl but he is a little boy growing now, when he is 18/20 years old, his voice grow up a regular guy but the secret I love you and his music
some guys might be jealous because all the pre-teen girls want him, but guess what? THEY CAN'T HAVE HIM. in 2 years nobody will care, his songs are f*****g repetitive. have you listened to baby? 80% of the song is just him saying "baby" and he sounds like a chick and acts like a "gangsta" i'm not jealous its just getting old. all you hear about is Justin Bieber and how he's so awesome and he hasn't done anything for society. when we could focus on other important"er" s**t.

Soften the landing zones with a pair of Rubber Mats , made from dyed rubber chips, heat compressed and available in dark green or brick red.

Read about what EEI’s International Programs has accomplished in the first-half of 2018
EEI membership adds value to strategic corporate initiatives by providing access to an international network of industry expertise, creating opportunities for accelerated learning and knowledge sharing, and elevating the visibility of member company efforts. The International Programs serves more than 65 international members with operations in over 90 countries from all regions around the globe. To learn more, download the International Programs brochure and subscribe to the International Programs monthly newsletter.
Learn More About Becoming a Member
​EEI Members have access to a wide range of reports, publications, communications, and other resources. In order to access the resources below, a member log in is required.
Stay up to date with information on past and upcoming International Programs activities
Smarter energy infrastructure is the key to delivering the energy future that customers want by enabling electric companies to collect, analyze, and share energy data, as well as monitor and remotely control grid-connected devices and equipment
​Launched in 2017, AUPSE is a senior executive knowledge exchange and peer-to-peer networking platform created to accelerate operational excellence in the African electric power sector.
The Fellowship supports the next generation of electric company leaders through professional development opportunities and strategic innovative research projects on emerging electric power industry trends.

A thread to brag about your current piercings, Tattoos and how/if they contribute to sex or make you feel sexy. Also a place to inform people of the crazy things one can do they're bodies :)
Hopefully other people have something to brag about too, Thanks
You can find a thread on piercings here - http://www.lovehoney.co.uk/community/forums/sex-tips-and-talk/9771-piercings/page-27/
It's helpful to have a search above to see if any threads like this have been posted before, just so we don't end up with multiple threads of the same topic. Hope it helps :) x
I also have a tattoo on my lower back that looks like a cross and my current oh likes to use it as a target practice!
Just to show we are all different, don't like any of the above a woman's body is A beautiful enough thing to not need anything to enhance it.
Just my opinion, it's your body to do with as you wish.
Weird thing is that I'm pretty scared of needles.
I've had the PA for over a decade now so my wife and I don't really notice it that much any more, I still like having it though and like the way or looks. I've had up to an 8mm thick ring in it but have come back down to 5mm which I prefer.
It's more an adrenaline thing for me, rather than enhancing it.. Kinda get a kick outta it.. ;)
Would love some tatts, but too much of a wimp to get them! 😥
Only my ear was pierced, but has pretty much sealed now after I fell out of love with it.
I have always wanted to get my nipples pierced but I have no money to do it for the moment. Also I am afraid I couldn't let them heal correctly as my man would probably want to play with them straight away!
I have no tattoos and I have a few piercings.
I love mine and I feel so much better when I am wearing them. I would like a tattoo but I want to wait for something I know I will love.
I had one of those once, but the ex just thought it felt strange so I got rid lol. To be fair it was pretty bulky whilst I was wearing it too...I'm sure women would get more of a kick out of them though!
I have 2 tattoos, self designed :) And I have my nose and ears pierced. None of them really contribute to sex, but one of my tattoos has my boyfriend's initials in ogham writing and is below my hipbone (normally under my knickers unless I wear something really flimsy) which he thinks is sexy :)
Would love to get my tongue done (bf is up for that!) but worried about it affecting my teeth.
I love getting piercings, and I'm pretty fond of them once they're in and healed, but...
Healing them is the worst for me. I tend to yank them out sitting still (I have NO idea how I pulled a nose screw out on thin air), never mind in sexy time.... I've had to retire three partially healed helixes in the past two years because of this, and haven't bothered to get any more as such.
I have both nostrils done, and my septum. Depending on what course I end up on next month, I'm thinking of my forward helix again.
We're not so rough and over the top these days, so they miiiiight survive ._.

As an independent specialist college providing education for young people aged 16-24 years with learning difficulties and/or disabilities, the college is obliged to publish a SEND report.

In 1971, we believed in a dream. We believed there must be a better way. When you dream a little, common people, working together, can do uncommon things.
Quad is the embodiment of one man's dream to find a better way.
With a $35,000 second mortgage on his home and capital raised from a handful of people who believed in him – and 11 co-founders who made a courageous leap of faith – Harry launched Quad/Graphics on July 13, 1971.
We haven’t been given more opportunities; we’ve just made more of the opportunities presented to us.
A can-do attitude leads to rapid-fire growth
Those first years were lean and print contracts were few. But with perseverance and what we like to call a can-do attitude — a characteristic that continues to distinguish us from other printers — the fledgling company hung on. We slowly gained business, primarily when no other printer would take the work.
The turning point came in 1977, when we started printing work for Newsweek. The popular national publication was sold on our groundbreaking ideas and entrepreneurial spirit, but above all, they trusted in us. Newsweek put us on the map as a high-quality, innovative print services provider.
Rapid-fire expansion continued across the country, matched with investments in the industry’s most advanced equipment and technology.
Along the way, we also founded the industry’s first and only dedicated research and development subsidiary, set up a network of imaging sites and photography studios, created innovative solutions for our clients (including mailing and distribution breakthroughs like the industry’s first and largest co-mailing technology), picked up awards for printer of the year, best place to work and environmental stewardship, and established a global presence through international partnerships in Latin America, India and Europe.
All of us who come after Harry must take what he created and push it forward, push it beyond, what he ever hoped it could be.
A new generation of visionary leadership
When we unexpectedly lost Harry in July 2002, many thought the company would collapse without his leadership. He was, after all, an industry icon. But we persevered – and prospered.
As we continue to transform our company and our industry, we are at the ready. Quad powered. Quad Proud.
With a broader global footprint and wider range of capabilities, we could now reach more clients with more solutions.
Prudent acquisitions such as these support our ongoing strategy to transform both our company and the industry – all while adding value for our clients, shareholders and employees. Acquisitions are made with an eye to advancing technologies, capabilities and efficiencies that help our clients drive top-line revenue and minimize overall costs.
As a result of the game-changing Worldcolor acquisition, Quad became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange on July 6, 2010. The steady hand of the Quadracci family retains voting control, and continues to provide consistency in ownership, leadership and strategy.
We are proud printers, innovating all aspects of our company and our industry.
Today, Quad is a leading global provider of print and media solutions. Our remarkable growth is powerful testament to our inimitable culture, visionary leadership team and employees worldwide who take pride in their work and are wholly invested in the success of our clients – and our company.
Working together, we are driven to find a better way – and to deliver on our promise of Performance through Innovation.
As a company, we adapt to change – in fact, more often than not, we are the change. Where others see challenges, we see opportunities. We’re a high-tech company, but we succeed the old-fashioned way: through honesty, integrity, hard work, doing the right thing and always putting our clients first.

The 2016 Pulitzer Prizes will be announced April 18 at 3pm ET. Because the names of the finalists are not released ahead of time, the winner is a surprise every year. But for nine years we have been posting a prediction list prepared by a fellow Pulitzer collector and research scientist. The list is the product of a regression analysis that weighs a given book's performance in other book awards, as well as the author's past award and nomination history.
Comment on our lists, or offer your own opinion about who you think will win the 2016 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction:
I'm basing this on a list on Goodreads.com. I've not been successful at finding a list of selections on the Powell's website itself.
Humility and grace are becoming dinosaurs. Can't wait to read the book now simply based upon the merit of the author's character.
No but it's listed on the pulitzer website (when they announce the winners).
did anyone post who was on the jury?
@zacharybloomzooey @ey814 I don't operate the PPrize site, but although I don't think there is general opposition to that, I know the site moderator has his hands full keeping up with the tasks around the fiction awards... but, I'll let him respond if that's a possibility.
Tom, you are a saint. I can confirm they do ship, very friendly and helpful. And I now have a first printing on its way! Thank you!
@ejcrowe42 Not sure about Greenlight, but it was a Book Passage First Edition Club selection, which is how I got my copy. Which compels me to point out that the Pulitzer winner for each of the past four years has been a selection by at least one of the three FECs I subscribe to (Odyssey, Book Passage, Powell's). Not to mention this year's National Book Award winner (Odyssey).
I wanted to share an idea. Could we make a second thread about the Pulitzer Prizes in the other arts categories (general non-fiction, drama, and biography, history)?
If anyone is still looking for a first printing, Diane's Books in Greenwich CT had a pile of five first printings when I checked today at 12:45 ET. They sell them for regular price, and probably will ship.
@JpCambert @AlexKerner It was a finalist in general non-fiction! So that's cool!
@ey814 @ejcrowe42 @mrbenchly Haven't read it yet. It was on my radar last year, and we tried to get an event with the author, but Grove couldn't work it out, and then when Viet was back in the states in the fall, there were no more first printings and we didn't pursue it any further.
That may explain why there are pre-pub-dated copies floating around. Grove doesn't usually hold with strict on sale dates, and we were told that the author wasn't really going to be stateside after the publication date, so Viet signed books as available in certain bookstores.
Thanks to everyone who runs this site! It's always a pleasure! Two debuts in the running this year and some surprises! Always exciting!
Congratulations to Viet Thanh Nguyen and all of the other 2016 Pulitzer Prize winners. And to all of you who post frequently on this site, keep up the good work.
Congrats to The Sympathizer! Deft, well written, tight plot and intriguing narrator. I'm not surprised that it was recognized, however, on a personal note I was rooting for Tsar.
Emily - thanks for your comments and keep up the great work at Odyssey. Although I am not a member of your firsts club, I do frequent your website to see what your store as picked, given its excellent track record. I believe I ordered Marra's Constellation and Meyer's The Son in the same shipment a couple of summers ago :) This summer sounds like a blockbuster for you guys; I should go ahead and call in an order!
@BRAKiasaurus @AlexKerner @ey814 I actually have the Kelly Link book in paperback, and would never have dreamed it would be a contender, let alone finalist.
@AndrewBoston Looking forward to reading The Sympathizer, and thanks for being part of the PPrize community!
@Guardiands Yes, copies will begin to appear online (ebay or through abebooks.com or similar online dealers). Initially, they'll be priced really high and will sell, but eventually the price will settle. I think with 50,000 of them out there, still a good chance to get one without paying way too much. The first print run of ALL THE LIGHT WE CANNOT SEE was 62,500, and there are copies to be had at $50 still.
@kas1985 With 50,000 out there, one will surface, probably without having to pay a premium, though it will demand more now than it did five hours ago :-)
The accuracy of this list is almost as amazing as the enjoyment in discussing it. Thank you very much for all you do.
I would like to know this as well. I had been looking for a first printing of "The Sympathizer " for several months leading up to the announcement, without success. In fact, it is one of only two from the top 15 list here that I did not own first printings of at the time of the announcement.
Do you happen to know its initial print run?
Secondly, thank you to everyone that makes this site possible, I am not a collector, but the recommendations have led me to some of the best books I read this past year.
One last thing; the model is kind of amazing bc once again the winner was in the top 10. It's all about the science behind the art.
I love a good war novel so I'm excited to give this one my all.
Unexpected for sure. I checked it out from the library/started it, but had to return before I finished. The last evacuation happened in April so kind of fitting. PBS did an excellent documentary marking that anniversary last year. 'Matterhorn' was also phenomenal. I tried to read 'Get in Trouble' but it was too out there for me. Haven't even heard of Maud's Line' but will look into that one. Thanks again for an awesome year everyone!!
I read about half of the Kelly Link book. While I'm happy for her ( she lives in my area and I know her a little), it never would have been on my radar for this award. And MAUD'S LINE? I've never heard of.
Happy for SYMPATHIZER. Guess this means I have to read it now. :-)
And one more year the winner was one of the books on the list.
I want to read the Sellout and Delicious foods and i don't know if they will be published here (The Sellout won the NBCC which should be enough to be published, but Billy Lynn's long half time walk is still unpublished here, of course it happens the same with The good lord bird and the NBA winners usually get published).
I suppose A little life will be published anyway, and given Bill Clegg's connections Did you ever have a family will be published for sure.
I suppose The Sympathizer won't be published as fast as The Goldfinch or All the light we can not see, and i will have to wait, it happened the same with The orphan master's son
@OneMoreBook Agree--I love a surprise!
@AlexKerner Huh? Never heard of either... did anyone talk about these?
The Sympathizer is the author's first novel, if I'm not mistaken.
@ey814 Wow! I have a first edition at home, but I haven't read it yet...I wanna know the finalists too!
@JohnZ Best book I've read all year--and I've read most of the big names, I think.
@JpCambert @AlexKerner It is non-fiction, but you are correct: it deserves a pulitzer prize
@AlexKerner @JpCambert I stand corrected. I was under the impression it was a fictionalized memoir from father to son while reading it.
@JpCambert Between the World and Me wouldn't be in the fiction category
My predictions (talk about last minute) are as follows:
I would like to thank everyone for another awesome year!!! It has been a year for books. Thanks for making and maintaining the lists. I think I'm going to have to go with 'A Little LIfe,' 'Eileen' and 'Fortune Smiles' as being somewhere in there. I wouldn't mind seeing Marra's book walk away with it either. I cannot commit this year at all.
@Guardiands Did You Ever Have a Family was one of my favorite novels published last year. It would be wonderful to see it recognized.
I don't comment on here except usually at this late stage of the game. I love doing my final predictions.
The last couple of years I've done pretty terribly. I haven't correctly predicted a winner since Jennifer Egan's (I hadn't read The Orphan Master's Son when it won, but it has since become one of my favorite books, period). I was proud to correctly predict Bob Shacochis's nomination for The Woman Who Lost Her Soul, Nathan Englander's What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank and Chang-Rae Lee's The Surrendered in recent years.
Because of my passion for two of these works I'm slightly afraid to predict them, but here goes:
@JohnZ I didn't mention Welcome to Braggsville. I've been reading it lately, and I think it too stands a chance of being noticed.
Very insightful post, that was a pleasure to read. i felt the same as you about Fortune Smiles, and agree with your critique of A little Life. I know Did you ever have Family has gotten mixed reviews on here, but I wouldn't mind seeing that win.
About a day and a half to go before the 2016 Pulitzer winners are announced. There seems to be nothing that is a solid lock. I haven't read all of the books purportedly in the running, but there are a few which I think may receive some consideration.
The Sellout is a sharp and biting satire in which Mr. Beatty walks a tightrope between outrageous hilarity and profound contemplation on themes that run the gamut. It wouldn't be the first comic novel to win the Pulitzer, but I wonder if the jury and board will go for it. Who knows? It might well win the prize.
The Tsar of Love and Techno shows that A Constellation of Vital Phenomena was no fluke. Mr. Marra's voice is level and distinct, and in the seeming simplicity of its prose lies much complexity. I wouldn't be surprised to see it named as a winner or a finalist.
Fates and Furies has some lovely prose, but as others have observed, the story itself is a bit insular. It does have those moments in which details are presented in a striking manner, which is something it has in common with a number of Pulitzer winners. Ms. Groff is a very good writer, and though she's been nominated elsewhere for this novel, she has yet to win a prize or award. So it might well be another finalist or winner.
And what of The Sympathizer? Viet Thanh Nguyen writes with a sharp eye and ear for human beings caught in extraordinary circumstances. He has been compared to Graham Greene, George Orwell, and Denis Johnson -- and those three aren't too shabby (ha ha). It wouldn't surprise me if this novel was a finalist, maybe even a winner.
And then, as sometimes happens, we might get thrown a curveball by the Pulitzer board and jury. They've done it before. Who's to say it won't happen again?
Really, I have no set idea on what will win come Monday. As always, I'm interested to find out.
I'd be very interested in your sci-fi recommendations!
@Mstexexec I'll see if I can get a copy from the library! :) I have a few other books queued up to read, but I'll give it a shot!
Thank you for the response. I would love to have reactions to this book from other on this site to see how my opinions fit with more expert opinions. BRAK I intend to check out many of the books you listed as well.
@Mstexexec I haven't read this book, but the cover looks familiar.
@jfieds2 I agree with so much of what you described. I am still pulling for A Little Life but I am half way through Tsar and if it wins, I will be just as happy. Personally I have no idea how Delicious Foods made the list. And I'm still wondering why there is never any mention of A Reunion of Ghosts. Has anyone read this book? Thoughts?
I "enjoyed" A LITTLE LIFE, and I think it's themes are vitally important, but in the end I felt it was incredibly flawed. I felt somewhat similarly about THE TURNER HOUSE -- a very good and "important" story, but with some elements that just didn't work for me.
Among other contenders, I think I enjoyed FATES AND FURIES more than ALL, but in my opinion, it is also probably more flawed. Further, it did not deal with the same kind of culturally/socially "important" (I am using a broad brush here, forgive me) themes that I would love a Pulitzer winner to confront, especially when there are options that do to choose from. FORTUNE SMILES was a "good" (but only good) collection, but won't win Johnson his second Pulitzer. I did not read DELICIOUS FOODS.
Bonus Pick: THE SYMPATHIZER - I don't think many people are talking about this one. It doesn't exactly have American themes, as it is narrated by a Vietnamese spy, but he is living in the US for a large chunk of the book. Moreover, it is a book that brilliantly crosses genres.
The Pulitzer Prize has been extremely populist in the last few years, so I just feel A Little Life will take it in the end with A Manual for Cleaning Women and Eileen as finalists. Maybe even there could be a third finalist and A Little Life takes it as the vote of the committee, not the jury.
Black River (This was a favorite of mine for most of 2015 but it didn't seem to get that much recognition, great book though)
I know The Sellout is the leading contender, but I have not read it yet as I mostly just buy first printings and this is proving hard to get, however I have read Tuff by Beatty, and that was not for me.
Before I go I would like to thank all of you for another great year of Pulitzer discussions, it''s a pleasure to share your advice an expertise, thank you.
Anything else that seemed a big deal when it came out but which has since been overlooked or faded?
(I ask, because there is part of me that feels you could see an unexpected, but deserving, lineup this year. For example, I could see "The Mare", "A Hand Reached Down to Guide Me", and "A Manual for Cleaning Women" being the finalists. Thoughts?)
A Little LIfe is the best book that I read that pubbed in 2015, but I think its extreme dark subject matter will count against it. If it happened for this book, though, I would be thrilled.
I also thought that Black River was very impressive and tightly written, so that's my dark horse candidate for this year's prize.
The second one will be a short stories collection, probably one that flies under the radar right now (there's always some surprised in the Pulitzer finalists).
Having read none of the books on this list (or anything published in 2015 that would be eligible for the prize, for that matter), I am clearly qualified to weigh in with my uneducated guesses:
@proseimprint That's kind! I think I've located a copy, may turn back to you if not!
@BRAKiasaurus Pretty much positive PREPARATION is not eligible. Every now and then the NYT best of lists include a book that is a year old, for some reason. I'd be happy with BRAGGSVILLE taking it.
I think it's Braggsville, A Little Life, and Tsar with Braggsville taking it...unless Preparation for the Next Life is inexplicably eligible this year (as it was on the New York Times notable list), in which case it should go to that.
@W_Shadbolt @ey814 @myram319 Totally agree with W_Shadbolt. The Tsar read more like a novel. I realize that it doesn't focus on American Life, but there is a tiny bit in the end that I'm hoping will push it forward for consideration. It was my favorite followed by A Little Life.
@ey814 @proseimprint Well it looks like your post has stirred up the hornets nest. I have an extra copy of Delicious Food if your interested.
@Guardiands I almost chose FATE over LITTLE LIFE for a finalist. Again, it's another book that could make a run at the prize.
I have enjoyed reading all the comments here but want to toss my vote to A Little Life. Also, I am very disappointed that A Reunion of Ghosts by Judith Claire Mitchell was overlooked. As we look to next year I would hope that something as simple as Dawn of Wonder or The Life We Bury, both written by Debut Novelists, will get serious attention. Respectfully...
@myram319 I haven't read nearly enough to make any really educated guesses, but I enjoyed Tsar a lot more than The Sellout and am rooting for it as well. I think we'll see A Little Life on there as well, but although Johnson is one of my favorite contemporaries, I don't see his follow up to Orphan Master being a finalist. If they want a short story collection, McCann is a good choice.
@proseimprint @ey814 I think Did You Ever Have a Family sort of faded from view since it came out early in the year, and agree it could be a finalist. Wishing I'd read Delicious Foods. Now scrambling to find a first edition of it, just in case!
@AlexKerner I agree that it is a book that will stand out for this year, for all the reasons you've articulated, after other books have faded from mind. It's why I included it as a finalist, but I wouldn't at all be surprised if it won.
Fortune Smiles is what I want to pick, but I honestly don't see it happening. Then I was thinking (and wanting) Tsar, but I think they will stress the American emphasis this year. I haven't finished The Sellout yet, but I think that it will be a finalist with Fates, with Did You Ever Have a Family winning it all.
so my pick is going to be A Little Life.
I would be happy to see The Sellout win. It was a brilliantly witty and timely book that can rightfully be considered a big "I" IMPORTANT book that we will be talking about for many years to come.
@AlexKerner @GeorgeKing1 @jfieds2 Okay, so let me try to objectively evaluate the utility of the TOB to predict the Pulitzer. I'll honestly try to be objective! (And, I would note, I think the TOB is a fun exercise and I follow it each year.)
Just finished Hulse's "Black River" and simply adored the book. So pretty, overall, and much like the Kent Haruf novels, such as "Plainsong" that I've enjoyed over the years. "Black River" is surely one of the best five I've read this year. Solid Pulitzer choice, in my opinion. Side note: As I've mentioned before, I surely don't understand all of the hoopla surrounding "The Sellout," with so many other worthy contenders. But, what do I know? I'm only a reader. :-) Read on ...
And, since people always ask, here are the next 10:
@BRAKiasaurus Great news! I loved the book, and it's certainly deserving. So much better than the "top faves," I believe.
@GeorgeKing1 @jfieds2 @AlexKerner The Tournament of Books (sorry shouldn't have used the acronym). It's a competition that is run by The Morning News website annually. They choose the top 16 books (according to their committee I guess) and then pair them off in brackets (like the March Madness in basketball). Each pairing is judged by one person, who decides which book moves on.
@jfieds2 @AlexKerner maybe silly but any more silly than a jury of three or five doing the same? I think one of the motivations of starting the TOB was the absurdity of book competitions in general (which we all love) and taking it to its logical conclusion...battle to the death with zombies :)
So the Tournament of Books is down to its finals, with The Turner House going up against The Sellout. It has been a really intense year and the discussion boards for the A Little Life decisions were quite amazing in the scope of discussion. I realize that TOB isn't in the statistical model but it still has been quite predictive with the winner or finalist often winning the Pulitzer.
I spent an hour or two last week searching online databases (abe, bookfinder, thriftbooks, etc.) for used hardcover copies of The Sellout. Anytime I found one, I called the business and asked if they could pull the book from the shelf and read the number line to me. Finally, it paid off. Coas Books in New Mexico had a copy for $7.39. I ordered it and it just arrived. It's a near fine 1st printing!
@JohnZ @ey814 @jfieds2 JohnZ do you think that because the Pulitzer Prize web pages have been stressing that this is the 100th Pulitzers that the American theme might be very important for all the winners this year.
As for Hamilton, at this point wouldnt it be considered a just weird that it did not win.
The notes and telegrams are quite interesting, in that one may find lists of books and collections that were considered, as well as reasons for why some of them did not find a slot as regards the three finalists. Sometimes one may glean the cheerleading that was done for a particular book or collection (i.e., So Big; Tales from the South Pacific). There was also a year when James Alan McPherson made note of Robert Pirsig's Lila: An Inquiry into Morals. The winner that year, however, was Jane Smiley's A Thousand Acres.
Given that the last couple of winners for Fiction were also bestsellers (meaning they were well on the radar of the reading public), I'm wondering if the jury and board will this year opt for a winner that stands beyond the limelight -- that is, until it's announced as a winner.
@MH631 Wow. I'm completely gobsmacked and envious! So cool. I would love to see some of those. The Reivers signed to his mistress and her daughter the day before he died has got to be pretty close to the ultimate version of that one! This confirms that we have to figure out some opportunity for collectors to get together somewhere or sometime and compare notes, swap extras, etc.! Thanks for posting this!
As for the Sotheby's auction, go up to the top of the page and check the mast on the left. There's a link for it... and you're right, the minimum was not met.
The American Academy of Arts and Letters announced their 2016 Literature Award Winners. This isn't one of the predictor variables (though I'll have to see if I can find information about past winners, might be able to include it if it goes back far enough), but some familiar names are on the list:
@jfieds2 Not sure, but it can't be much earlier than that just due to the number of books needing to be read.
If I win the lottery we will all go. You get a 1st edition etc. Think Oprah you get a car, you get a car, to infinity and beyond.
Forgot to mention...While you're waiting for the 2016ers, you may enjoy the Pulitzer take on March Madness, Pulitzer Madness, a very quick survey: Choose your favorite Pulitzer-winning novel, in each of four regions: bit.ly/FictionMdnss
@jfieds2 We cannot offer any specifics but can tell you the various juries meet at different times throughout the year. We aim to give the Board as much time as we can.
@ey814 We are so appreciative to have great fans like you. We will certainly share your requests with the Board but unfortunately cannot guarantee any outcome.
And please feel free to let us know what discussions arise. We like the feedback, and it's fun too.
@AlexKerner Thanks for the smart thinking! You will be please to know that's exactly what we're doing - waiting until after the complete announcement to post the list on the site.
You will be able to watch from the pulitzer.org site itself, or on our YouTube channel, or on Facebook, which will be a different feed. Your choice.
@PulitzerPrizes @pulitzerprize also can i recommend that you don't post the winners on your website until AFTER the live streaming. Last year people were already shouting out the winners before the presenter had made the announcement because the winners had been posted on the site right away. For suspense purposes it would be great if that doesn't happen this year.
@OneMoreBook My sense is that any of these you mention have a shot. Sellout got the bulk of the points, but I think this year is as wide open as I can recall. I'm just finishing Turner House, and like it a lot. I have Eileen and Tsar teed up to read next!
Good luck with this year's process, if the discussion thread is any indication, this will be a good year with a difficult decision to be made!
The 2016 Prizes will be announced April 18 at 3pm ET.
@OneMoreBook I could not agree more. I am hanging onto my first edition it case it wins, and if it doesn't it'll go straight into a Little Free Library.
I really don't understand all of the hoopla over THE SELLOUT. Just a so-so book, in my opinion. Minor work. I struggled through it, and can never get back the time spent on that tome. EILEEN and HONEYDEW are sooooooo much better, not to mention THE TURNER HOUSE, TSAR, DID YOU EVER, and others. I'm reading DELICIOUS FOODS right now, and think it's a major-serious contender as well. BLACK RIVER is next on my list, and I can't wait. But, what do I know? :-) Read on ...
@BRAKiasaurus It's usually early March, just doesn't really get much publicity, so you have to look for it!
@BRAKiasaurus @Marybethking @jfieds2 Thanks, jfieds2! Because of you I now have a first edition of the book. I just wanted to read it, but couldn't find it in my area. The closest library that had a copy was 3 1/2 hours away. So I purchased a used book at a goodwill store online, and was surprised to get what appears to be an unread (new) copy of the first printing.
@jfieds2 I had just started following this group a couple weeks before reading your post. I picked it up a couple of days later, thought it was the best book of the year until I read Tsar. If The Sympathizer wins The PEN/Faulkner that will make the Pulitzer a little more interesting.
I am not much for "tooting my own horn" buuuuuuut, you did hear it here first: http://fyre.it/PfcL8m. (July 12, 2015). If I'm right, I bet it's a once in a lifetime prediction, at least that far in advance.
I'll run the final analysis when the PEN/Faulkner announcement is made, but I suggest collectors seek out a 1st edition of The Sellout, as it will be firmly in 1st place.
At some point, however, the idea of reading the list in reverse came to me. The idea of traveling back in time, as it were, and gleaning social context and possible cultural aesthetics, were too fascinating to pass up.
But it's the surprises that really enervated me and kept me reading through to the end (or should it be, the beginning?). Well... the fact that I can be stubborn didn't hurt, either (ha ha).
That said, there's no book I wouldn't recommend in the list (albeit some with reservations). After all, the great thing about reading (or any other artistic medium, really) is that we have an opportunity to consider the world and ourselves from perspectives often dissimilar to our own. And that's not bad at all. In fact, it's how we grow as individuals.
@ey814 Also, thank you for posting the list! The website is set up strangely--the announcement almost gets buried--but I would have completely missed it. I feel like it often comes later in the year? But maybe I'm thinking of a different award...
@ey814 why is this year an outlier in terms of its impact on the list?
Right, i'm putting two lotteries on this weekend.
On the minus side, there was no jacket on His Family, and So Big had one of those ugly dust jackets from 1958. Years of Grace was an early printing in early dust jacket, but signed. South Pacifc had a later DJ, and there were a few other later jackets as well. I wrote about it here:
Overall I thought it was a nice collection.
@JohnZ I thought about you when I posted the URL, knowing you had recently finished the entire run. I've ready every Pulitzer from Confederacy of Dunces (1980), and then about 1/3 of the books before 1980, but not reading in any order, just whatever strikes me. I intende to read them all, though Cheever's Collected Stories and Mailer's Executioner's Song will undoubtedly be last, given how long they are!
I try my best to find Pulitzers with DJs but it's nearly impossible to find the earlier ones with DJs without paying an arm and a leg. I would say over half of my 1st printings have DJs.
I've had some luck with finding a few 1st editions at Half Price Books. I picked up a copy of Advise & Consent for $15. I would highly recommend this place for new collectors. They have a rare books section too.
Did anyone know what happened to that Sotheby auction a few years back? Did the seller end up selling his collection at another auction? I vaguely remembered that the minimum was not met.
@MC74 @ChrisEllis77 @ey814 I also get excited each year on the run up to the announcement, but I am finding in recent years I have already read the winner, takes a little from it, don't you think.
As for Lamb in His Bosom you need a lot of luck and a pile of cash, I know its very rare.
Posts like these inspire me and are a driving force behind my recent goal in collecting and reading quality literature. Thank you.
Often, instead of reading the first book presented in the list (Ernest Poole's "His Family"), I worked backward -- a sensation that made me feel as if I were traveling back in time. Early in my reading, I did skip around, focusing on those books I already had sitting on my bookshelves. Eventually, though -- after pinching pennies and locating titles that were harder to find -- I had every Pulitzer-winner, which was when it occurred to me to begin my time-travel reverse reading.
@ey814 Nice article, reading them is the easy bit, it's finding them in first edition form, I too have read them all, however only own about half.
But my point is that maybe the American life theme is still a lot more important for the Pulitzer than we're thinking after ATLWCS and TOMS.
(As a side note, I don't think either Marra or Beatty will win the NBCC. Ferrante has a lot going for her, it will be tough to beat her this year.)
I meant to make that a smiley face, haha, not a frown!
@W_Shadbolt Been meaning to respond for a while, just traveling too much. With regard to the "Pulitzer in recognition of a body of work" situation, it shouldn't happen, but it clearly has. The jury letter for Eudora Welty's Optimist's Daughter specifically said that the book was among the best, but that Ms. Welty should have won the Pulitzer for a prior book, so they might as well give it to her now. I think that it could play a role next year with DeLillo, if Zero K is any good at all.
Since the update was kind of tucked into a comment on a thread, just a heads up to anyone interested: The 2017 forum was kindly opened (by, I believe, tklein27) and is already in motion. :(
@BRAKiasaurus This was one of the monthly selections from Book Passage out your way for the signed first edition club, so I'm guessing she is local to you. The PEN/Faulkner isn't a very good predictor of the Pulitzer... this will help Delicious foods in the rankings and, to a lesser degree, The Sympathizer, otherwise not so much.
@ey814 Very interesting selection! I have most of those books at home--and I keep looking at "Mendocino Fire" in the store (I think she's relatively local, so a lot of signed copies floating around). Thanks for the heads up! I figured it was happening today, actually, and then totally forgot to check, hahaha
@proseimprint @jfieds2 @tklein27 Yes, it already looks to be a strong year, and the 2017 page is now ready for action...
@BRAKiasaurus nevermind, it's called scrolling!! Couldn't find the novel when I googled him though.
First time poster, longtime reader of this blog.Thank you for providing such an interesting forum! I check in here religiously.
@BRAKiasaurus Yes, you are correct Mr Shearer is British and therefore not eligible. I would also be interested to know who would replace him.
My money is on The Tsar of Love and Techno.
So my "first edition" is probably a "fifth edition", which is a bit depressing. But still worth $20 and the short lived excitement of thinking I had a first edition.
So much to learn though. Love this place.
I think Alex Shearer is a british novelist. If so, does this bump him from the list? If he were to fall off the list (due to citizenship) who would supplant him?
350 for The Sellout is a farce.
@jfieds2 @tklein27 I enjoy the involvement of this post. This is going to be a strong year. Having read "What belongs To You," "Young Blood," "Ways to Disappear," all very good books but four others have so far stood out for me "The Vegetarian," "Free Men," "Tender" and "Poor Your Soul." I am ready now for the heavy hitters for me stating this month with "Gone With the Mind," "The Association of Small Bombs," and "Innocents and Others."
Yes, good idea. I'll get a new page up very soon.
@tklein27 I'd say it's almost time to open a new message board! I forget if you have normally waited for one year to be total "over," (with an announcement of the price) but many 2017 contenders are coming out soon!
@AlexKerner @BRAKiasaurus I can't find it--I keep looking. She was just at book passage. I would recommend looking at the upcoming schedule for bookstores near you. I know she's going to greenlight books, book passage, etc.
Hanya Yanagihara is finally doing a book tour, by the way, for the paperback edition.
Just finished The Sellout. I liked it a lot but at times it seemed a little uneven. Some jokes also fell flat, and when Beatty kept going off the narrative tracks to simply make some of these jokes, it got annoying. Still, this wasn't too big a problem, I'd probably give it a 4/5.
Also, if anyone is looking for a break from the hunt; check out 'Perfect Days.' Raphael Montes I believe?
@proseimprint Oh, very nice. This is a report I read once in a google book (published by university press or another)...and while I completely disagree with their assessment of "Rabbit, Run", the title of which they didn't even record accurately, I think Lee probably did deserve the award.
Had it been another year, I probably would have given it to Updike.
Also worth noting: their dismissal of "A Separate Peace" due to its length. I'm glad to see other juries haven't considered this a point of contention (see: Train Dreams, Tinkers, etc.)
It's possible that the publisher felt it too regional to do well in sales but wanted to give his voice a chance. Only 100 pages in, but if you liked the above authors, I definitely recommend it.
(In all honesty, as well-written as it is, it is also a relief to read after much of my recent lineup: "Preparation for the Next Life", "We Are Not Ourselves", "Between the World and Me", "A Little Life", "The Sellout"...with the exception of a couple reads, like "Undermajordomo Minor", it has been a heavy year.)
Thank you to the Pulitzer for sharing this wonderful article http://www.pulitzer.org/article/14174
@ChrisEllis77 - Same here. I've been looking for a 1st printing for the past few weeks and no luck. A copy sold on eBay for $350 last week.
On a separate note, I am trying to complete my Pulitzer collection. If anyone on the board knows where I could get a 1st copy of Lamb in His Bosom (at a reasonable price, not the $7500 copy of Abebooks), I would be forever indebted to you. I enjoy reading everyone's post. Keep up the good work.
@jfieds2 Enjoying this book, but it isn't necessarily an award winner. Reminds me a little of the pleasure I received, though, from reading "The Imperfectionists" (which, actually, was a much more perfect book). Strong writing.
@ChrisEllis77 I might be down. Need to finish reading it first, though.
@Marybethking I totally agree with you regarding A Little Life. 110%
Hello all, I am just wondering if anyone has a 1st printing of The Sellout they wish to sell. I understand this is a long shot but if there is anyone out there let me know. Thanks.
Another book I'm looking forward to: https://www.kirkusreviews.com/book-reviews/amy-gustine/you-should-pity-us-instead/
@BRAKiasaurus It's also a paperback original right? That would be an interesting winner!
Okay, just sent the next list to Tom to post. Here it is:
Nothing new is announced (predictor variable-wise) until March, so this is it for the rest of the month.
@OneMoreBook I'll have to part ways with you on Braggsville and Sellout, but I'm on board with Turner House. I'm 1/4 way through it, and like it a lot. I agree that Johnson is unlikely to win another Pulitzer so soon, or for a short story collection.
Things changed over the years, The line of beauty is not less explicit than The folding star, but 10 years later that wasn't a problem to win the Booker.
Anyway, what belongs to you has more things against it, it's located in Bulgaria, and being released in january makes more difficult to reach awards season with the hype intact
@worldbfreeheel I believe last year's finalists were announced March 10th (which was later, if I recall correctly, than previous years). I'm not sure why they hold it so close to the vest.
@jfieds2 @TELyles @BRAKiasaurus @ey814 I have it on my shelf--possibly on your recommendation jfieds--not sure! But I still look forward to reading it. I like to support debut novelists. Kind of fun to find new people to get excited about...and on occasion, it puts you ahead of the crowd sometimes (which is why I have a first edition of "Preparation for the Next Life").
@jjose712 @AlexKerner We have had some controversy on this thread earlier about gay themes, etc. We have not touched on the graphic sexual aspect of novels, however. My guess is that that is not a factor in whether awards are won or lost, honestly. Just as Updike won twice for his often-explicit "Rabbit" novels, it comes down to the writing itself and how it contributes to the narrative of the characters.
Anyway, after reading a quick sample of the writing--and given the price--I bought it on Amazon. It sounds promising, so I'll keep everyone posted.
@AlexKerner @jfieds2 I was almost going to delete my comment! I am feeling grouchy today. It does look like the kind of book that could be a finalist for multiple awards...
While I get you may not want to spend 500pp on a book, the buzz around this has been pretty off the charts so I wouldn't be so quick to dismiss.
so totally skipping ahead to 2017...Alexander Chee's The Queen of the Night has gotten tons of buzz and comes out today and is an early favourite for next year's award
@TELyles @OneMoreBook Completely disagree about "Braggsville". Of the books I've read this year, it remains my favorite and the most deserving. But I do find "The Sellout" both brilliant and challenging...it jumps into its fast-paced, allusion-laced, comedic monologue in a way that, frankly, took some acclimating. But once you muscle through the prologue, it smooths out.
@OneMoreBook Have you read the Marra? I am halfway through the stories and if they had any link to "American life" then that would be my pick, without any reservation.
I barely made it through WELCOME TO BRAGGSVILLE. Ugh. Frankly, it wore me out, reading the tome. I gave up completely on THE SELLOUT, even before the end of the 29-page prologue. Both were way too cumbersome. My favorite so far, for the Pulitzer? THE TURNER HOUSE. The Clegg and Johnson books were just "OK" for me, but I can't believe we'll have a repeat winner with Johnson this year. Still waiting for a book to "wow" me.
@W_Shadbolt @ey814 if I recall, this tends to be a good indicator (much like the NBCC), but it isn't a deal maker or breaker.
@ey814 Interesting to see "Black River" and "Delicious Foods" show up again. I feel like those two were mentioned a lot early in 2015 and haven't been discussed much since.
I think Alvar is in fact a citizen.
Otherwise, this list is pretty much expected. No real surprises this year. :)
Will this be the final list, or is there one more after?
I'll run the numbers for the next list late next week, but clearly The Sellout is likely to be at the top of the list, followed by Fates and Furies, then Little Life, then Fortune Smiles (again, I'm just eye-balling this). Somewhat surprised that Purity isn't on the ALA list. Same with Braggsville.
If Sellout wins the NBCC, that may seal the deal for it. If not, it's a closer race.
@Guardiands Here's some details about the first edition.
Will be surprised if "A Little Life" isn't among the finalists.
@Guardiands I have one--if anyone wants me to keep an eye out, happy to do so.
I'm about 60 pages into "The Sellout" and I understand the acclaim. So far, I enjoyed "Braggsville" more, but I'll keep you posted.
My guess about the finalists at this point is:
I think I'd rather see a relevant novel win the award. So far, my favorite has been "Braggsville", which I read as soon as it was published last February. It remains the strongest book I've read.
The Story Prize, now in its 12th year, is pleased to honor as its finalists three outstanding short story collections chosen from 100 submissions representing 64 different publishers or imprints. They are:
And the spotlight award has also been given, this year to a graphic novelist:
Now I wonder if my 1st edition i bought on eBay is legit....
As for the Marra, it didn't happen last year, but the two years before that this board was going crazy over Anne Frank and The Son, both of which wound up being finalists. I've seen a bit of buzz about him on here, I wonder if he'll be nominated.
I think you two bring up good points about the characters, the nature of their friendships and their, eventual, success in the fields of their choosing. Unrealistic? Yes, but I'm willing to go where the author takes me. For instance, I doubt that Jude would lack formal education and suffer years of abuse, only to be accepted into a good college, matriculate into an Ivy law school, obtain an advanced math degree at the same time, while simultaneously working at a bakery where he becomes an excellent baker, on top of being an exemplary cook. But this is where we are taken, so I will go along with the ride.
My main issue with A Little Life is more technical. Harold's letters to Willem drew me out of the story whenever they would pop up. I felt they disrupted from the flow of the overall story and I struggled to understand their place in the narrative.
End of the day, I'm glad I read the novel but it is not one I could universally recommend
@BRAKiasaurus I think it would be hard to give it the Pulitzer... it's so unrelenting. I can't think of any prior winner even remotely like it. But, I'm not betting against it!
@ey814 Would you give it the pulitzer? I think it may well be a finalist, so I'm curious whether the jury would ultimately choose it.
As to the extreme success and wealth of all characters, I noticed that as well. It did strike me as an intentional choice, though. Any thoughts on why she made the choice?
@BRAKiasaurus Yeah, I agree. The only book I really questioned being on the list at all was Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk, which I liked, but wouldn't put in the 12 greatest books of the 21st Century!
@ey814 The order of this is wild, to me. Every single novel is definitely very good, but I'm shocked that the number 1 is Diaz's novel. Interesting choices, though. Would like to read "Half of a Yellow Sun".
@AlexKerner Some interesting novels on here, including some I haven't yet read or heard much about. I somehow doubt we'll see many surprises this year (although I do feel like the pulitzers have been really strange the past few years...with the missing award, the three finalists / fourth winner, and the goldfinch--a decent but problematic novel--chosen against a particularly strong year of novels), but I bet most of these novels are pretty solid.
Worth noting: "Oreo" is in contention, but if I"m not mistaken, that novel came out originally in the 70s. Not sure if it qualifies for the pulitzer as a result (which is almost odd, given that a short story collection that contains even one new story or new title will qualify)...any thoughts? I hear it is a very good novel.
An interesting list of the 12 "greatest novels of the 21st Century" (so, since 2000) compiled by BBC Culture contributor Jane Ciabattari. The methodology probably accounts for the domination of US authors (polled several dozen book critics, most of whom looked to be from US outlets--not sure why more British critics weren't included. But, among the 12 listed, six won the Pulitzer and one was a Pulitzer finalist. Another Pulitzer winner was a runner-up. We sometimes talk about whether the Pulitzer recognizes the very best novels, but according to these critics, it seems to do a pretty good job!
Sorry about the outage. Should be okay now.
By the way, this happened: http://pen.org/2016-pen-literary-awards-longlists
@BRAKiasaurus Am i the only one who don't love the flamethrowers? Don't get me wrong, i think it's a good novel and i love Kushner's writing but i loved Telex from Cuba so much that The Flamethrowers was a bit dissapointing.
I can't have an opinion of this year's candidates. Fates and furies will be published here in Spain this year, but it won't be published till at least April
@ey814 @BRAKiasaurus It wasn't me--but thank you. :)
@ey814 @BRAKiasaurus Agree, although I am curious if the fact of the election (apparently publishers often withhold some books until after the election, since that dominates coverage and, for that matter, accounts for many of readers' purchases) will make 2017 a big year of wonderful fiction. We saw this play out in 2013. But I agree. This may mean that the books that get the most attention are by authors which already have a readership, a following. Premature to say such things, but the aforementioned authors are ripe for pulitzers.
@ey814 @BRAKiasaurus Agree about Gates. Bought it as soon as it came out but haven't had a chance to dive into it yet. Wood's endorsement is reason enough for me. I just need to finish up "Refund" and some other collections I'm in the middle of. This received endlessly strong reviews when it came out, and I think it bears watching.
Not a good indicator for Pulitzers (he did not like The Goldfinch, for example, felt The Flamethrowers to be masterful--and, let's be honest, The Flamethrowers probably should have been a finalist that year), but he is a wonderful and astute critic who I agree with more often than not:
Didn't realize it until this list, but Annie Proulx has a new novel out--and it's a big one! "Barkskins: A Novel"
@Guardiands See some of my thoughts regarding "A Little Life" in the comment section above :)
They also bring up why it is called "A Little Life", reminding me who first says the phrase, and then why the phrase--applied more broadly to the themes of the novel--was used as the title. I don't want to give away any spoilers, but it made me really appreciate the novel in some ways. It is a very thoughtful choice--we can discuss more when you're finished.
I must say that, while I won't recommend this novel to anyone, I think it was powerful. It felt to me like performance art, something I endured, an artistic experience which divides people but is undeniably compelling.
@BRAKiasaurus @ey814 I'm 500 pages into it. Brutal. One thing that I'm not really buying is that the people in Jude's life remain as loyal to him as all of them are... I don't care how kind and generous you are, supporting someone with as many issues as does Jude takes a toll after 15-30 years. The friendships don't feel very reciprocal, which make it hard to maintain a friendship.
@Marybethking I haven't heard anything about her having a new book out...this surprises me, honestly, given how crazy the world went for "Gone Girl" (a novel I admittedly didn't think much of). Are you referring to The Grownup? I think that may in fact be a re-issue of an older work.
@ey814 @BRAKiasaurus So (as I have this week off) I'm now almost 600 pages through, and it only gets worse... -_- This is a rough book to binge read. My next novel will need to be something a bit lighter...at the very least, short stories.
@BRAKiasaurus I'm at about the same place in the book... devastating is the right descriptor.
Essentially, winning the Pulitzer more than once is very rare, so once you've won it, having done so counts against you for future wins, and, apparently, not many people who are one-time finalists actually go on to win for another book. Even though McDermott, DeLillo, and Oates are multiple-finalists, that is a pretty insignificant variable in the long run, mainly because so few people have been finalists more than once since 1982 (when my database begins).
By the way, thanks for the first list!
Also, 250 pages into "A Little Life"--hard to read and yet hard to put down. Really devastating after about 65 pages in...
Lucia Berlin may also turn out to be a strong contender. Been awhile since we've seen a posthumous award.
Okay, here we go. This is the first prediction list for the 2016 Pulitzer Prize. Bear in mind the following:
1. It's early. Most of the annual awards that are good predictor variables have not been given out nor finalists announced.
2. This list essentially uses data from the NYTimes best of lists, the National Book Award finalists/winner, and from the author's previous history with regard to awards (e.g., prior winner of an award, prior finalist, etc.).
3. There are 75 books entered for consideration right now, drawn from discussions on this site, best of lists, and award announcements to date. There will be more added as they emerge in other award lists, I'm sure.
Some observations on why these books ended up in the top 15.
2. Fortune Smiles presence near the top should be self-evident.
3. Perhaps the most interesting entry here is A Manual for Cleaning Women by Lucia Berlin. This is a posthumously published collection of short stories that was on the NY Times 100 best and made their top 10 list.
12. Morrison has a slew of past awards and nominations, so pretty much anything she publishes will put her on the list until more awards come out for current year books.
Other books that have gotten some attention on this list and where they are now:
Very cool that you live there! I'll reach out to them, but I suppose I can also just be patient, haha. If you are ever in the states, I would also be happy to send you some books but totally get the cist of overseas shipping...it can get pricy!
I just finished Gillian Flynn's new book and thought it was really good.
@BRAKiasaurus Hi, I would in normal circumstances be happy to past it on or swap it, but I live in Norway in Scandinavia, so I guess the postage is a big cost, however I know Powells in Portland have had a few, maybe if you contact them you could arrange a swap or through my experience with them, they may just give you one. Hope it's some help.
I may be one of the few here who has not yet read any of the Erdrich novels. Need to get on that--I own them both.
I have to say: it is always wonderful to find that a new favorite author is also fairly prolific! This seems true of Geronimo Johnson (who said at a reading that he wrote two novels after "hold it till it hurts"--of which "braggsville" was one (so expect another from him relatively soon, I guess). Marra is another! This is great news!
Chriselliot, would you be willing to pass on that ARC to me? I would be happy to swap as I have a number of ARCs from 2015. Just let me know! (Same goes for anyone else. I'd love to get some swaps happening here.)
@ey814 I didn't know 'The Round House' was a series. I'm going to have to check this out.
@BRAKiasaurus Can't believe I forgot this one:
Third in the trilogy by Louise Erdrich. The first one (Plague Doves) was a Pulitzer finalist, second one (Round House) won the National Book Award (and, in my opinion, should have won the Pulitzer). If this is as good as those two were and as it sounds, I have high expectations for it.
@BRAKiasaurus I have an ARC of Tuesday Nights in 1980 by Molly Prentiss, it's very well written and a great read, I can easily see this being a contender, very popular at the very least.
@BRAKiasaurus Looks like this is drawn just from best of lists, which are, of course, helpful, but not all that reliable as a predictor on their own. Agree though that the top books will likely be at the top of our list as well. I plan to do the first list next week, so we'll see.
@myram319 @BRAKiasaurus I saw Russo last year, and asked him what he was working on and he mentioned the sequel to Nobody's Fool, so I'm very much looking forward to this... as well as the Marra.
Not to get ahead of the group here--I'm only just now 200 pages into "A Little Life", a book I've found hard to put down so far, so I clearly have plenty to read from 2015--but I have a few 2016 books that I'm getting excited about:
Anyone else looking forward to next year's releasees? I'm particularly excited about Jansma and Prentiss. Bock and Delillo could be good, although I never know what type of book the latter will release. Haslett sounds like he has written something beautiful (along the lines of the short stories in his debut collection), so I will be keeping my eye on that one. (I may have to be pretty selective about my reading in 2016 / 17. New baby on the way! I imagine that will take away some of my reading time, hahaha)
Anyway, anyone else have books they're looking forward to?
Will we have a prediction list in the coming weeks?
Vaguely reminds me of what we got goin' on on this site...albeit more data goes into the stuff here. That said, it would surprise me if we don't see both of the books atop that list as finalists for this year's pulitzer.
This is interesting (scroll down for books): http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/judging-by-best-of-lists-kendrick-lamar-was-2015s-cultural-icon/
@wadamreed @JohnZ @W_Shadbolt Your question is a tough one to answer. I enjoyed many of the Pulitzer winners, with a few here and there which didn't particularly appeal to me. Also, one has to consider that what he or she looks for in a novel or collection may not be that for which others look. Aesthetics and art, you know.
Bearing that in mind, here is a list of those winners which have stayed in my memory. The first two are my favorites of all the winners; those following are listed in no particular order
I know -- it's more than ten. But these are the ones that gave me hours of both enjoyment and contemplation.
100 pages into "A Little Life" and enjoying it a lot. Might just be a nice break from the measured, largely internal Clegg novel. I haven't gotten to the overwhelmingly depressing things I keep hearing about, so I'll keep you posted.
As for Vollman, who knows? Certainly he's a dynamic writer. I thought Europe Central might have had a chance -- if not as the work chosen for the prize during its year, then perhaps as a finalist.
Just this year, the board asked the jurors to provide a fourth title for consideration. As it was, the jury nominated Lovely, Dark, Deep; Let Me Be Frank With You; and The Moor's Account. One guesses the fourth title added -- All the Light We Cannot See -- was the eventual winner. (Maybe the board didn't want another ruckus, given to the wrath it incurred in 2011.)
As of late (i.e., the past two years), the board appears to be opting for more general fair. To be clear, neither of the last two novels to have won are bad novels (not to me, at least); however, they were nothing near obscure. Which is something that has happened in the past as regards the Pulitzer. Gone with the Wind won, after all.
Having read all of the Pulitzer winners in Fiction, I'd agree that the jury and board have mostly made choices that aren't embarrassing for them. Most of the novels and collections are good. Some are even great.
Agree with you about Welcome to Braggsville. I think it may well be a finalist, if not the winner.
I'm half-way through A Little Life. Talk about your bleakness piled on bleakness! I dunno, it seems a bit much so far, but it is a rich rendering of human thought and perception, if not a big overwrought on that. I'm interested in seeing where the last half leads!
At this point, Welcome to Braggsville may be my favorite novel of the year.
I enjoyed it, I didn't find the stove aspect too unbelievable. But given your view of that book, I look forward to your thoughts on A Little Life. That book I objectively was thinking "nope, not buying it" the whole time.
I don't think it deserves the pulitzer, but I would read his future endeavors. I think Clegg has it in him to write a great novel, but I'm not sure this one is as flawless as I would want from the pulitzer winner.
That said, I wonder what others think of this:
I did not read his review until after I finished the novel.
I have a few short story collections to finish and then will start "A Little Life", I think.
this is an interesting piece about the backlash some of the bigger books have faced this year
As we here will recall, she was on the jury during a particularly controversial year.
@AlexKerner @ey814 @BRAKiasaurus I think Prep still stacks up as one of the strongest books of this year or the last. Be amazing to see it win, but yes, the Nov. 2014 first run of the book had me confused. :)
Unlike past years, the list spotlights a few books that haven't gotten much attention, at all. I think that is great, but overall the list is not helpful to us, especially since 2 of 5 are translations. (One of those two certainly DID receive a lot of attention, though.)
The final two on the list are both ones that we have talked about: MANUALS FOR CLEANING WOMEN and THE SELLOUT. For me, THE SELLOUT is still my personal front runner, even as I have wanted to love other books more. Satire is not my thing, so I had high hopes to find a strong contender with a different kind of story in FATES AND FURIES and CITY ON FIRE (which I have tabled temporarily), but I'm not convinced either one will win.
@AlexKerner I'll make a note of this. Based on what I've read, the book doesn't much interest me, but it certainly is getting attention, on more than just the NYT list. I think it was on Buzzfeed (FWIW) and a few other lists so far.
so I just finished reading Delicious Foods and I think it deserves another little bump. It is a shame it hasn't made any award short lists yet but was on the NYTs 100 notable. It is really powerful and the writing is intense and particularly creative (one of the voices being that of crack cocaine).
@ey814 @kas1985 yeah I was a little disappointed but not surprised. Thought that maybe since B&N was an early supporter of the book, they might have some kicking around. David Mitchell signed firsts are probably worth grabbing, but I didn't buy any others.
I wonder how the B&N Goldfinch will fare on the market, and how many will try to pass it off.
@tklein27 @DustySpines @ey814 wow, I had not seen a signed one, but yes too rich for my blood. You could probably make a better investment with the $1500.
when is the first list coming out?
As you can see, it missed some pretty big books! Now, here are the books that won the Pulitzer (from 1982 onward) that were not on the NBCC finalist list:
This list still missed a couple of big ones (how could The Color Purple not show up on either list, one wonders), but still has a substantially better track record than does the NYT 10 Best.
I'm also shocked that "braggsville" and clegg's novel aren't on the list. I'm reading the latter now, and it's quite good.
Also of note: "Preparation for the Next Life" is on the list...does this mean it is eligible for the Pulitzer this year!?
Limited to 500 copies and sells for $1,500
@ey814 Thanks so much for the information. My copy has never been read and I would say that it is in Near Fine condition. I think I got it after I read someone else's hardcover, because the cost was less. I did the same with The Goldfinch. This was before I found out about Odyssey Bookstore's First Edition Club early this year. I'm extremely happy with their picks.
@ey814 @kas1985 I'm new to this, but was wondering if an Advanced Reader's Copy of ALL THE LIGHT is worth hanging on to. I didn't buy the actual hardcover of it.
@BRAKiasaurus Late to the game with this post, but I was rooting for Ta-Nehisi Coates' BETWEEN THE WORLD AND ME, which, of course, did win. I think it's an important book (I think we had a discussion about this earlier in the thread, just don't remember!).
Thanks!! I am also putting ALA for the win. People in the trees was brilliant too, not sure why it didn't receive as much attention?
@BRAKiasaurus Thanks for the recommendations! I own American Pastoral so I'll start there.
Has there been a discussion of this year's Barnes and Noble signed first editions? All the light we Cannot See is among them if I remember correctly. I wonder what these versions do to the market value. Also, it means B&N has a warehouse of first printings of Pulitzer prize winners they can throw on the market at any time. @ey814 take notice... I remember you saying you thought the B&N Goldfish was printed on inferior paper--I didn't notice that myself.
@BRAKiasaurus @AlexKerner @ey814 Compassionate is a great word. He is a funny guy and seems like a very nice man. The collection was terrific in my opinion. Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy, though Groff was really really personable when I chatted with her at the Brooklyn book festival this year so I was pulling for her. Had signed ARC and hardback of Refund so the collector in me was pulling for that.
@ey814 Oh! I thought maybe that was what you were aiming for but I threw that out there anyway.
Washington Post has its list of 10 best of 2015 out. "Braggsville" (my pick for this year's pulitzer winner) is on the list as is "A Little Life". A book we haven't paid much attention "The Book of Aron" is also on the list.
I'm not sure how I missed that Adam Johnson had a new book out. He is one of my favorites. I wonder if his new book will take the pulitzer this year as well.
@AlexKerner @ey814 I really like hearing him talk. Looks like a football player, but has a soft compassionate voice and good sense of humor. Spoken with him a number of times (he's local to the Bay area), and he's awesome--haven't read his collection, but definitely happy for his good fortune (no pun intended).
Adam Johnson has had a pretty good couple of years. I'll have to see if I can figure out when the last time an author's back-to-back books won NBA or Pulitzer. But, I heard Adam Johnson read Nirvana from Fortune Smiles, and it was very good (and he was a very nice guy.)
I think that's great. I loved Fortune Smiles! I really, really, thought A Little Life was well written, but so over the top, so lacking in believability. I felt like it was a chore to get through it.
Fortune Smiles might be the best book I've read this year.
@jfieds2 so Fortune Smiles won. It was good but I have to say that I was not overwhelmed by it and thought it wasn't as good as Mara's collection. Kudos to Johnson though.
NBA prediction: A LITTLE LIFE takes it. It wouldn't be my choice -- I'd go with FORTUNE SMILES (I've read all but REFUND) -- but Yanagihara win. Although far from perfect, the book deals with some important "American" themes in important ways. Lately the NBA seems to pick a book that does that kind of thing more so than the Pulitzer.
Based on the past, winning the NBA also makes winning the Pulitzer less likely. I was pulling for FATES AND FURIES to become my front runner in the Pulitzer hunt, but after finishing it last night, although I enjoyed it, I don't think it's the one.
I do not know who runs the site or their formula, but if you look at the past "best of year" lists, then the site's owner has done a terrific job of identifying stand out fiction from that calendar year. I expect that the list will fluctuate as award season progresses and best of lists are published, but at the current time Sympathizer is right up there with several other books which have been more widely discussed on this site.
Has anyone read 'Gold, Fame, Citrus?' I just can't get into it despite good reviews.
@Marybethking Glad to hear from someone who read it! I haven't read it yet, but picked it up based purely on the fact that Clegg recommended (and is the agent for) it.
Has anyone read Stacy Schiff's latest? She is someone I always read, but I haven't gotten to that one yet.
@AlexKerner @kriscoffield I snagged "The Shore" from the library when you first brought it up, Alex--I didn't have time to read it, however, so it was returned. Thank you for reminding me! I was meaning to give it a second shot. :)
@kriscoffield @ChrisEllis77 Agree with you about 10:04, by the way. My list, as I recall was: Preparation for the Next Life, 10:04, and Fourth of July Creek--and honestly, I still think that is a much much much stronger list than the one initially submitted.
@kriscoffield my finalist would be A Little Life and Fates and Furies. I know people had issues with the former, but I found it heartbreaking and majestic in its emotional scope. There is a reason it is piling on the awards and shortlists and I imagine that the Pulitzer will have difficulty not acknowledging it, at least as part of the three finalists.
In terms of the third choice. I would like to say The Shore, again a really interesting novel that is as much about place as it is about characters and plot. It hasn't gotten as much attention as other books this season, but the Pulitzer always seems to chose one dark horse, so lets go with this one.
"A Little Life" and "The Sympathizer", but I don't know what other title. Maybe "Tsar" or "The Sellout".
Just for fun, what would be your finalists today, if you had to name them? We're a little more than halfway through the year. There is still good literature to come. Just trying to gauge to board, so to speak.
@Marybethking @ChrisEllis77 Not likely to be a pulitzer contender (nor should it be) but definitely worth more than 20 pages!! Maybe you'll pick it up at a later date. :) Worth a second try, I think.
@ChrisEllis77 You're a better man than I am. I made it to page 20 of 'City of FIre' and was annoyed by how heavy it was to return to the library
@ChrisEllis77 I'd push back on the idea that the Pulitzer is purely a popularity contest. Paul Harding's TINKERS (2010), for example, had such a small print run that few readers knew about it. The year's most popular books, by sales alone, are almost invariably (and by definition) popular fiction. Trade fiction.
I find several post-2000 (last 15 years) winners deserving of the award. For me, there's never "one book to rule them all." Rather, each year produces multiple works that pique my aesthetic, intellectual, and emotional interest. Some do so more than others; those are the books I find most worthy, particularly when they speak to an American theme (whatever that means in today's world).
So, to answer your question, I think the Pulitzer speaks to our communal need to narrate our times, values, humanity and lack thereof, and strengths and weaknesses as a society. Its relevance is in its ability to highlight how our individual stories pull society forward, or at least in new directions. I participate in this thread because it compels me to read the year's great writing. I'm also an aspiring author. Somewhat more aspirational than productive these days, but still.
So it leaves me to think, are we putting too much emphasises and time into the Pulitzer? Is it THAT special? Or is The Man Booker a better indicator of the years best novel? I think its more fair, includes the world not just the US, not forced into choosing the best campaign.
I have only read 200 pages of a loaned copy (my copy will be arriving in the form of Powells indiespensable) and I have to say I can see myself not getting to the end.
So what I am saying is, are we, being again led to the winner? The timing of the release of City of Fire, and campaign, smells really bad of a Pulitzer "wannabe"
@grahammyers @jfieds2 (Postscript: I'm so so so happy to have others with whom I can finally discuss this book. I procured an ARC and then had no one to talk to about the merits and downsides of the novel!)
@grahammyers @BRAKiasaurus @jfieds2 I actually think that opening couple of pages was my favorite bit of writing. It's a well-written novel; in fact, I may at some point even read it a second time now that I have slightly adjusted expectations (really didn't know what I was jumping into, honestly, and was hoping for something more literary, something closer to Delillo's work perhaps)...but I do wish that the novel had carried on like that introductory chapter.
2. "power transformers tilted up like weary crucifixes, shot through with rust and ice on the far side of a window he could see through only imperfectly, as he could remember the night only imperfectly."
this happens throughout the book so far. he could have cut the adjectives down and had a stronger novel.
@BRAKiasaurus I finished FATES AND FURIES a week and a half ago... my initial opinion was that it was well written, but I didn't think it had the heft, if you will, for the Pulitzer. In reflection, I'm beginning to change my mind and could see it as a strong contender. I haven't read LITTLE LIFE or FAMILY yet, so will see how I feel after I finish those.
From what I can tell, the award has only been around since 2012, so too recent for me to add as a predictor variable. I would note that the winners for the last two years were ALL THE LIGHT and GOLDFINCH, so they've hit on the last two. On the other hand, the first three medal winners were not even Pulitzer finalists.
Has anyone read "Against the Country"?
Man, oh, man, do I ever agree with you about short novels about big things! But I did love "Middlesex" and "Underworld" as well. "Tinkers", "Train Dreams", and others like it seem to have been replaced by the big novel. Just as Jhumpa Lahriri's win in 2000 saw a resurgence in the short story, I think two years ago, when all three finalists were HUGE novels, may have sparked a rebirth of the large novel. "The Luminaries", "We Are Not Ourselves", "The Dying Grass" (admittedly Vollmann has always written huge novels), "A Little Life", "The Goldfinch", "The Son", "The Woman Who Lost Her Soul", "A Brief History of Seven Killings", "City on Fire" are all fat tomes and each has received its share of accolades, hefty advances, prizes, etc.
From this year--without having read all the possible nominees--I would probably still hand it to "Welcome to Braggsville". But it seems like Groff, Yanagihara, and Clegg have written some very resonant novels that I intend to read in the coming months. (Doing everything I can to resist re-reading "Preparation for the Next Life" again.)
It's uneven. You may well enjoy it--and you are welcome to! I was hoping for a literary epic, and it has its moments, but it is also a mystery novel that never entirely pays off on that trope and genre. I honestly want to hear from someone who unabashedly loves the novel!
@BRAKiasaurus just started it also. hope it's better than what i've hearing, although it did get a good review in the NYT.
Did you finish it already? So much promise in that novel...definitely a letdown.
@BRAKiasaurus I think the first three you listed are from this blog the biggest contestants so I would go with any of them.
so let down by 'City on Fire.' a two million dollar advance, are you serious?!
"A Little Life" is one of the three finalists for the Carnegie Medal. It's appearing in almost every awards shortlist, it seems. It's competing against the novel I mentioned, "The Sympathizer". Call me crazy, but they're both in my slowly-shortening Pulitzer shortlist.
Despite its supposed shortcomings, something tells me "City of Fire" may end up being a finalist or something. There's a lot of good reviews behind it, and I hear the writing, though excessive, is very exceptional, and does a great job in evoking the time period. Maybe they'll overlook its flaws and consider its ambition. It kind of reminds me of "Underworld".
What does everyone think about The Sympathizer?
@JohnZ Yes, I sometimes do rewrite people's sentences. Not often pulitzer winners, but when I was 13, I read a Dean Koontz novel and rewrote it in my head the whole way. Then again, he's an awful writer....
@ey814 BtWaM is difficult, tiny, and so so important. Glad you read that wonderful book! I hope it wins a pulitzer, frankly, but I'm not entirely certain what category would have it. It could sneak into general nonfiction, but (like "A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius" before it) it would be something of an outlier.
In any case, yes "Fates and Furies" would also be worth reading. And I might be able to do double duty on that one, as I got the audiobook from the library in addition to owning a signed copy.
By the way, did Yanagihara do a book tour? The "events" page on her publisher's page was never up-to-date, and I swear she seems to have forgone any sort of formal signings....but maybe I'm mistaken? Anyone else notice this?
As good as it is, there are some dangling modifiers that have me shaking my head. For instance:
"Antoinette was lying in the sun on the balcony in a black bikini and slash of red lipstick when Gaiwan came up the stairs carrying the family rocking chair."
Some punctuation would have cleared things up, don't you think?
"On the balcony, and clad in a black bikini and slash of red lipstick, Antoinette was lying in the sun when Gaiwan came up the stairs, carrying the family rocking chair."
"Wearing a black bikini and slash of red lipstick, Antionette was on the balcony and lying in the sun when Gawain, carrying the family rocking chair, came up the stairs."
Still, thus far with F & F, the pros are outweighing the cons. I wish I could say the same for A LITTLE LIFE. As it is, I'm still not impressed. Not only that, but Yanagihara loves her split infinitives. I say this not from a place of snobbishness, but from one of perplexity. Clearly, she's an able writer (if a bit detached and clinical), so one wonders why she wouldn't take more time to sculpt her sentences properly.
That said, I will continue to sing the praises of DID YOU EVER HAVE A FAMILY. (Funny side note: Ms. Groff's agent is none other than Bill Clegg.)
@BRAKiasaurus I'm envious of your reading consumption and speed! If UNDER MAJORDOMO MINOR is a bit of a lark, might set you up for something more serious... LITTLE LIFE seems to fit that bill, though if you read FATES AND FURIES now, you'll have it read before the NBA is anounced.
I read Between the World and Me ad couldn't agree more that it is an important (and soboring) book. I hope it wins the NBA for non-fiction.
I really love this place, thanks for all the suggestions.
Okay, so I have a question for everyone here, but I'd like to briefly preface it with a word about my current read.
Here's where I'm at: I'm about 20 pages away from the end of "Under Majordomo Minor", which isn't likely to win any awards but is simply great fun.
I have to say, this has been a fantastic year for books, a significant improvement from last year.
@grahammyers I agree re: ALL THE LIGHT, but still think that Robinson's LILA is the book that will still be read in 30 years and should have won. I did like Lish's book, though.
@JohnZ FAMILY is up next, almost done with FATES & FURIES. The latter is well written, but I agree with an earlier comment that it doesn't seem very Pulitzer-ish. I'm also wanting to read Johnson's WELCOME TO BRAGGSVILLE.
@BRAKiasaurus @Marybethking I'm on 'Fates and Furies' right now. It's pretty good, but not knocking it out of the park for me yet. 'The Incarnations' was incredible.
@Marybethking I can't wait to read "The Incarnations"! I don't' believe it is eligible for the pulitzer, but it looks incredible. :) Based almost exclusively on the reviews, reception, and the current trends--and honestly, having read none of these yet...it looks like "Fates and Furies", "Have You Ever Had a Family" and "A Little Life" are the most likely contenders, in so far as novels are concerned.
A lot of great short story collections this year, so I could see one of them being included in the roundup. But I expect to see at least one of those three books being a finalist.
I also disliked A Little Life. I'm not sure I can voice why without risking misinterpretation, I just felt like some relationships and characters struck me as too unrealistic to draw me in.
This is my first time posting (I tried a few times by using Facebook account but they just say pending), but I've been lurking for months. I appreciate everyone's comments and have picked up great books based on recommendations on here. I even join the Odyssey First Edition book club after someone recommended it on here last Spring.
I do have to say I miss Ed Parks. I consider myself quite progressive on social issues, and I don't know exactly what he said, but I will say that A Little Life is hard to criticize without misinterpretation. Regardless I'm happy you all are still here.
And I just got my copy of "Have you ever had a Family" but haven't cracked it open yet so I'm no help there. I am excited for it though.
Did someone on this forum once present a theory (or even an analysis) on the boost New York-themed books (or New York-based authors) seem to get in the Pulitzer, NBA, NBCC, etc. awards? I was thinking about this in light of the acclaim A Little Life is getting. If someone actually looked at data, was this boost borne out? It wouldn't be surprising. On the other hand, AtLwCS, penned by an Idaho-based writer, was set in the past in Europe. So go figure.
@JohnZ @grahammyers We may have discussed this, but how did you feel it stacked up to Preparation for the Next Life? I haven't yet read AtLWCS.
As it has been with Biography (among other categories), it has also been with Fiction. Adam Johnson won a few years ago for The Orphan Master's Son, and rightly; it is a staggeringly good novel worthy of recognition.
In truth, though, I wouldn't have minded if Joyce Carol Oates had won for Lovely, Dark, Deep.
@grahammyers Great to hear! It is rare to read a novel as good as Lish's, and I completely agree that it should have won the pulitzer.
I'm not sure how I feel about the American Theme emphasis...while you are correct that this is one of the stipulations, it feels anachronistic to me. At the very least, one could argue that it could be applied in a more expansive way given the global nature of our interactions now.
the more i've been thinking about it, i really don't think 'All the Light We Cannot See' deserved the 2015 Pulitzer. it was a fine novel and had some beautiful prose, but it really lacked the 'American themes' vibe that the Pulitzer should award; would have given it to Atticus Lish
So far, this collection of linked stories is (like his debut novel) getting very good reviews. If he continues to create such beautiful books--each of which has featured uniquely beautiful and evocative writing--I will be shocked if Marra doesn't at some point win every major award.
@BRAKiasaurus @kriscoffield Hello one and all, this is my first post although I've had the pleasure of reading all of your opinions and fantastic suggestions for the past couple of years.
This seems to sum up how I felt about this book: a novel of great promise that it can't quite live up to.
I've been reading A Little Life, and while it hasn't been an awful experience, neither has it been very enlivening. The prose, I am finding, registers as little more than functional. Pervading Yanagihara's voice is a thread of detachment which, thus far, has not served the characters well. Now, perhaps this will change (I do have that hope); however, should it prove not to be true, I cannot say that I expect to experience much in the way of shock.
Some writers compose in a manner that erects a barrier between characters and readers; they present the story as though one were peering through a panel of aquarium glass. This is something I understand; and while I do not prefer it, I have enjoyed (though not loved or revered) novels that are written in such a way.
Anyway, the manner in which the characters in A Little Life have thus far been treated by the author brings back to me the indifference -- sometimes merely chilly; other times, glacial -- which I have observed Egan and Franzen utilizing in their own work. Perhaps Yanagihara felt it was necessary to do this given the exorbitant amount of pain and misery she inflicted upon her characters. Or it could also be the way she chooses to write.
Whichever the reason may be, I'm going to do my best to remain optimistic. That said, there are other novels that have been published this year which are better and more worthy of recognition.
@BRAKiasaurus @grahammyers Only three stories in so far, but I've enjoyed them. Not a lot has happned though yet.
@grahammyers I could see Joy Williams faring very well in any award season. I'm surprised it hasn't already been up--but I'm similarly surprised that David Gates collection hasn't received any notice. How are you enjoying it? I haven't yet read it, even though I was gifted an ARC from goodreads.
@ey814 As someone who lives in Northern California, the drought is interesting to me--using it as the premise for a novel could be great! I might pick it up. There are a few signed copies around.
@BRAKiasaurus Washington Post gave it a good review... I'm with you on dystopian novels, I've sort of had my fill of them...
@BRAKiasaurus @kriscoffield Yep. It was me. I am not usually a satire fan. I rather a "quiet" gut punch of a novel than a belly laugh, honestly, but Paul Beatty put together something really good, and it is a gut punch in the way it confronts racial issues.
@BRAKiasaurus I read THE TURNER HOUSE. It actually had some of the "fearlessness" that I love about some first novels, but it didn't quite gel for me. Still, I am glad it is getting attention. There was enough there for me to believe that Flournoy could produce something even better down the line. My assessment is to pass but watch for her next book.
@BRAKiasaurus And I could've had it. Went back to City Lights before leaving the city, today, but picked up BLACK EARTH instead. For what it's worth, BLACK EARTH–my plane reading back to Hawai'i–will likely be a nonfiction contender for multiple awards. Snyder's reevaluation of the Holocaust in parallel with modern resource depletion is striking.
I, too, am a reader of acknowledgment sections. It's interesting to see how many writers hail from the Iowa Writers' Workshop, or were Michener fellows, etc. I also know how challenging writing can be, so it's always refreshing to see writers who mention those who helped them in getting the book written.
I cannot say I prefer Schteyngart's method. In order to recommend so thoroughly as to write a blurb about it, it's important that one reads the book. If he or she does not, then said blurbs are, to me, suspect. Perhaps others have a greater reverence when it comes to reading and recommending than Gary does.
@kriscoffield Just a heads up, if you scroll down quite a bit, you'll find that jfieds2 read the book.
Anyway, just thought you might want to know. Pretty enthusiastic praise! :)
All of which is to say: it had nothing to do with blurbs. I was similarly happy to see Ed's endorsement of it--he hadn't really seemed terribly thrilled with any of this year's crop of longer fiction, so it his reaction was heartening.
I can't decide how I feel about Gary Schteyngart's method. It's almost like an act of performance art...and is moderately amusing. On the other hand, you could also make the argument that he is perpetuating a problem, not exposing it. Ah well...
I'll tell you this: having met Atticus Lish--a man who was unaware of who Jonathan Franzen was--he is one person whose opinion I will trust. I'm not sure you could buy an insincere quote from him if you tried. (I wish I knew who among this group has read his novel, actually. I think mrbenchly had. Ed started it, but the size of the font was off-putting, as I recall, so I think he put it down.)
When it comes to artists with whose work I'm unfamiliar -- this is when I consider what others artists have written regarding blurbs. But for the blurbs to pique my interest or influence me in any way, they have to come from artists whom I trust.
For example, when I watch a movie trailer, I look for the names of those critics and filmmakers whose work I admire. There are some critics who, it has been revealed, offer positive reviews in exchange for receiving perks. These critics I ignore, for I understand their endorsements are not based purely on the film itself.
Even on this forum, there have been books I've sought out because of endorsements made by other members whose opinions I trust. While he and I did not always see eye-to-eye regarding literature -- what each of us likes, after all, is influenced by aesthetic preferences -- my interest was also piqued when Ed Parks wrote so highly about Did You Ever Have a Family, which played a part in my seeking out the novel during a trip I made to my local bookstore. And, as I've said, the blurbs offered by Mr. Cunningham and Ms. Enright cinched the deal.
I think we've had this conversation before, haha:
By the way, your revelations about Toni Morrison's "Paradise" we're lovely. :)
Mrbenchly seems weary of Ed's "bemoaning" (and I must admit that I perceived a shift in his general tone after this past year's award toward something a little more antagonistic...it didn't bother me. Kept the forum interesting and active, but I did notice it).
Benchly thanked me recently for steering the conversation back to this year's books, a comment of which I think Ed may have taken note: when ey814 posted an article about prolific writers, Ed prefaced his response with a comment about inviting the ire of those who think this thread shouldn't deviate from speculating about the year's contenders. It is possible that the two (again, one of whom is still here, making me a little tentative to speak for him) were somewhat wary of each other.
I'm going to continue to post away here every day, and I hope Ed decides to return.
On a lighter note, I was going to read Groff's book next, but I may go ahead and dive into Clegg's novel and then Yanagihara's. Both have stirred up some controversy--on and off our site--and I better get to them quickly!!
@BRAKiasaurus @JohnZ @kriscoffield BRAK, thank you for your response. However, saying Ed was not charged with being homophobic is not true. It DID happen (albeit in a veiled manner). Still, that doesn't expunge the intention of the charge.
Understand, if Ed had spoken of certain aspects to be found in Mr. Clegg's novel (viz., gay characters) in a derogatory manner, I wouldn't have had a problem with mrbenchly's post. But as Ed did not do that, and, in fact, said the novel was the best of the year, I found the charge insulting. Also: untrue.
Ed and I did not always agree when it came to books; however, who does? That said, I enjoyed our civil discourse. As a writer myself, I understand the importance of considering views that are sometimes dissimilar to my own -- provided, of course, that people are civil about it and are able to back up what they think with facts. By sharing ideas, by listening as well as offering what we think, makes for enlivening and educational exchanges.
I was excited to post on this forum how much I am enjoying Did You Ever Have a Family, and came home from work with the intention of writing that post and telling Ed that he and I are of a like mind where Mr. Clegg's beautiful novel is concerned.
I saw this in the "Briefly Noted" section of the New Yorker. Piqued my interest. Anyone read it? Considering reading it?
If you do pick it up, it'd be great to hear your thoughts!
@JohnZ @kriscoffield By the way, this:
"It's important to be discerning before charging another human being as being homophobic, racist, bigoted, etc. And that's exactly what some on this board have done as regards Ed. "
(Just as an example: this year alone he has brought many, many short story collections to my attention. "Sweet Nothing" by Richard Lange is only on my radar because of EdParks.)
His actual point, I think, was actually just a matter of preference; the language he used to explain the preference, unfortunate.
JohnZ, I understand your reaction here. The internet overreacts to everything.** On the other hand, EdParks overreacted as well. Perhaps he didn't realize that deleting his account would result in the visibly dramatic deletion of all his past comments, and perhaps he will return...Hell! for all I know, he could be the owner of a couple of the accounts that are active on this forum: EdParks may well in fact be the pprize.com's very own Andy Kaufman!
Even if EdParks never returns to us, let us hope that Tony Clifton surfaces in his place. And in the future, let's hope that this forum continues to be a place for speculation and civil debate.
**I don't necessarily agree with you that the "condemnation" was over the top or lacked civility. Mrbenchly simply pointed out what appeared to be a pattern and cited examples. MrBenchly then went on to say that, for him, this pattern undermined EdPark's other literary opinions and lamentations.
To be clear, I am also an ally for those whom society attempts to marginalize and condemn. As for the "bystander effect" to which you referred, I do not support it. Nor should views that propagate stereotypes remain "unchecked" (viz., ignored). What I've observed is that those who do not call out such views do so not out of "civility," but rather out of fear and temerity.
It's important to be discerning before charging another human being as being homophobic, racist, bigoted, etc. And that's exactly what some on this board have done as regards Ed.
To explain why it won't do, I offer some points that will, I think, offer something in the way of amelioration:
It's too easy to judge others. In fact, it's a more commonplace practice now than it used to be -- a sad truth. However, before people starting throwing stones, they should do their best to understand whether or not their charges have veracity. For words can wound. This is especially so when those words are not entirely accurate.
Understand, my intention is not to be rude. But as you stated in your post, it's wrong to adopt a "bystander view" when you observe actions made by others that may be harmful and divisive.
But the divisions that have been made and continue to be perpetuated -- both in art and the world -- are disheartening. So many borders and restrictions are erected that attempt to pigeonhole and narrow minds that I cannot sometimes help but feel disheartened. There's enough enmity in the world already; one wonders why there are people who wish only to cause more. No doubt it has something to do with fear, willful ignorance, and control.
In order to read, be moved, and informed by Ms. Morrison's work, I do not need to be of a specific type; neither sex nor pigmentation need apply. All I have to be is human, discerning, and capable of empathy. This is what the best art reminds us of again and again.
If I'm not incorrect, Ed's primary problem with A Little Life was that it veered so relentlessly into melodrama. Then, after hearing about the author's intentions regarding the novel (viz., utilizing the elements found in melodrama was an intentional choice), Ed revised his views.
Which is all to say, we do not always have to agree. Provided one does not reduce him- or herself to being offensive or pandering to propaganda and hate, and also provided that he or she offers thoughts and ideas that are well-rounded, it is possible to be in conflict without usurping civility.
Hey everyone! Just curious to know people's take on THE SELLOUT. Saw it at City Lights, almost picked it up. Didn't, opting for some theoretical works to inform my scholarly projects. Worth reading?
I haven't heard much about Jesse Ball's "A Cure for Suicide"...maybe it will fall off the shortlist? Curious if anyone has read it. Same goes for "The Turner House".
(As an aside, I actually don't like the segmentation of literature into race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, etc. It is all literature--and when fiction is good, it is important, it is beautiful, and it teaches us about own humanity.)
It appears that EdParks has deleted all of his comments on the forum. Strikes me as an overreaction--and a particularly unfortunate one, given that this could instead have been an opportunity to have a more in depth dialogue about the subject.
A curious development--unexpected drama in our little corner of the internet--but I am glad that you, mrbenchly, spoke up. I hadn't yet decided quite how to respond.
@EdParks You'll forgive me if I ignore all of your future comments, but after such archaic statements ("I don't particularly enjoy reading gay fiction"; "It would have been a much better novel if Jude had been a woman"; "I just want her to choose her subject matter more judiciously in the future."), I simply don't care what you think.
For sinking to this level, I apologize to my fellow bibliophiles whose opinions I value immensely, and specifically to Tom. I'm just tired of the monopolization of this forum by the constant bemoaning of someone who has now revealed he thinks a novel about the social and emotional lives of gay men is not a judicious choice. Such telling commentary.
And based on what I have heard about "Purity", I think you are probably correct.
"Fortune Sniles" has been very well-received, but my bet is on "Fates and Furies". Johnson always writes--arguably even in OMS--with a sense of humor and a satirical edge. His first novel was received as basically full of brilliance and energy, but ultimately deemed uneven and often unsuccessful. He takes a lot of risks.
I thought you had come around on "Little Life"? I haven't read it yet, but I remember being surprised to see you even conceding that, we're it to win the Pulitzer, you wouldn't be unhappy with the outcome.
So far, you primarily hoping the award goes to a short story collection?
@EdParks Really glad to hear you enjoyed it!
@BRAKiasaurus i didn't think it particularly special. His whole multi perspective approach has gotten old there are so many problematic thematic problems that it really loses steam. Franzen is a wonderful writer and there are elements that are just a joy to read, but he too often comes off as too smart (or believing he is smarter than he is) and at times that is grating.
I forgot about Zink's and Pearlman's books. Seen "Refund" at the store--even picked it up to review the cover--but it's up against strong contenders. "The Turner House" was not on my radar at all. It is a debut and, just based on its competition, an unlikely winner.
@BRAKiasaurus @EdParks Agree that Fates and Furies seems to be coming on strong. Also give Above the Waterfall a good chance. I think it would be a surprise if Watchman made the list, but one never knows. Books that are published in 2015 are eligible, even if they've not been released yet, so Marra and McCann might show up....
@EdParks @ey814 Must agree with Ed completely. I assume long list is 10? If I had to guess all 10 (admittedly, without having read all of the following), I'd say:
A Hand Reached Down to Guide Me
There's Something I Want You to Do
But there may well be a surprise or two in there. Agree with Ed that "Our Souls at Night" might get a nod, but I would be shocked by "Watchman".
I'm not sure what the rules mandate in this case, either. I assume books that remain as yet unpublished (but which are due to be published this fall) could be eligible? If so, there is a chance that Charles Bock, Garth Risk Hallberg, Anthony Marra, McCann etc., could all find their way into that list.
Okay, National Book Award long list comes out tomorrow. Any predictions? I think we'll see A Little Life, Purity, and Did you Ever Have a Family. What else?
I always enjoy your comments, and I have been lurking for almost a year now. I just want to say I 100% agree with your review of A Little Life, and for me the author's comments were intriguing, but it definitely doesn't fix the novel for me.
I was a bit surprised you didn't love Preparation for the Next Life. I am curious if you are a fan of the author Wally Lamb, if you don't mind me asking.
@EdParks There's so little history of the man booker accepting novels from american writers that it's impossible to know if it will have some impact (positive or negative) on american awards (which tend to be diverse themselve).
So many contradictory opinions about A little life really have me intrigued (at least with so much recognition the probabilities of being published here in Spain increase).
I am 1/2 through THE SUNKEN CATHEDRAL. Although endings can sometimes make me change my entire opinion on a book, so far, I'd have to say, it's the best thing I've read this year. More soon.
I happen to have an ARC of THAT as well! (Gotten lucky on them recently)--a friend is reading it, and then I'm going to. I am very excited as well!
@ey814 I will send you my ARC when I'm finished with it if you'd like. I haven't gotten to it yet, so it may be a month before I'm finished. Let me know if you're interested.
@EdParks @ey814 I really enjoyed her novel that was a finalist for the pulitzer. Strange mix of magical realism and...hm...I don't quite know, honestly. I do recall it having a ghost.
In the meantime, I have an ARC of her new collection, and short stories are what she is most famous for.
As for Smith and King, I go with Mr. King, as well. He deserves more credit for his intelligence, skill, and talent than most people give him. It's nice to see he's finally being celebrated. Anyone in doubt of his writing and storytelling abilities would do well to read (among others) Lisey's Story, The Man in the Black Suit, The Reach, The Dead Zone, and Bag of Bones.
@EdParks (my long, well-written reply didn't post for some reason, so this one may be less well written :-)
Yes, I was thinking of Jeff Bridges as I typed Terms of Endearment, meaning Last Picture Show. I shouldn't rely on my memory! I agree with you completely about Duane, and would love to see a sequel to Picture Show. I lived in Dallas for 20 years and made several trips up to Archer City to see the town and, of course, go to McMurtry's bookstore.
Speaking of which, Joy Williams has a new short story collection out today.
@BRAKiasaurus I guess I would be remiss if we didn't at least throw "Purity" onto this list.
Did anyone else read Charles Bock's debut? I'm curious--given that it has been, what, seven, eight years since his debut--what his second attempt will yield. I think EdParks remained unimpressed with "Beautiful Children", but I haven't heard anyone else's opinions.
It is one of those signed books that has traveled with me through my moves around the country as I followed my career (only to wind up on the west coast in a very literary area), but I only read the first couple chapters. Impressively written, those. But I need to revisit it and read it in its entirety.
I have an ARC of "the visiting privilege"--stay tuned!
Also, I was more excited about Watkins' book before I learned it was a dystopian novel. Oh well, good writer nevertheless.
@jfieds2 Very cool! Will this be the book that gets him the Pulitzer he almost certainly deserves? I'm looking forward to reading it!
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus @JohnZ Again, it's a matter of aesthetics, I think. Given your list of authors, it appears you prefer older works. Which is fine. I enjoy them, too. Anyone who denies him- or herself the pleasure of disappearing into Tolstoy, Melville, Dostoevsky, Fauklner, etc. -- well, that's just unfortunate. Quite sad, too.
So many of the Pulitzer winners in the early part of the last century dealt, on some level or other, with pioneer life. And while my intention isn't to disparage those novels (which offered me much pleasure and insight to a time during which I had not been born to observe and experience) none of them comes close to Lonesome Dove. Mr. Stegner's Angle of Repose comes close, but Lonesome Dove was just too pleasant an experience to knock it down a peg.
@EdParks @JohnZ @BRAKiasaurus One of the added joys of reading that I've discovered is going back to books I haven't read in decades, visiting them again, and discovering how my feelings might (or might not) have changed.
When reading a book, even though the words are the same (aside from translations of Tolstoy, Dostoevsky, and the like), everyone "sees" the story through the filter or his or her singular imagination. In addition, we bring our own life experiences and opinions to art. As we grow (one hopes), we change (one hopes), so that going back to something we read long ago becomes a somewhat new -- maybe even heightened -- experience.
As for "getting too old" -- phsaw! As long as we're willing to surrender and have an open mind, we continue to be works-in-progress.
To date, when asked about the funniest novels I've read, A Confederacy of Dunces and Straight Man (Richard Russo) head the list. Should The Feud continue to unfurl as it has thus far, I'm thinking I've another novel to add to my list.
Because of this, I am again re-examing my ambivalence regarding works of art being placed into contention. Great work is great work, after all: it should be recognized as such. Then again, we're a species that enjoys its approbation.
I'll keep my fingers crossed. I like the premise of the book.
@mrbenchly @BRAKiasaurus Agree! I think we have hit a lull, and it has caused more reflection on old titles and, for lack of a better term, regrets. We are thankfully heading into the fall, however, when the heavy hitters tend to be released. And then it's on into the awards season! So far--to unnecessarily summarize--it seems like the favorites (or promising titles) I've heard mentioned are:
If I'm missing anything, feel free to add on.
I'm passing on "Purity" for now but if a used copy shows up somewhere, I'll consider it. The NPR review of the book by Roxane Gay (which is titled "A Compelling Plot Gives Way to Farce in Franzen's 'Purity'") put me in mind of exactly what puts me off of his work. "But, for every wonderful piece of prose, for every masterful stroke in this novel, there is the stuff that was simply distracting, if not alienating and infuriating. For all its extravagant ambition, the book is full of self-indulgent nonsense."
Having just read a 930 page book that was both compelling and yet completely uneven, I think I'll pass for now.
"The Incarnations", which will not be eligible for the Pulitzer, sounds incredibly promising. Looking forward to that one. :)
@BRAKiasaurus I have not but I do appreciate you steering the conversation in this 2016 Prediction page back toward one about books published this year. This comment thread has, for the last 8 years, been my radar for potential prize-winners I should read and I appreciate all the tips I can get.
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus @JohnZ Perhaps, but I doubt our standards are that different. I'm surprised you would disagree about "Beloved" or "A Death in the Family", Updike's work or "Ironweed". Even if you didn't appreciate them all, certainly there must be at least a handful in JohnZ's list that you believe to be among the best fiction our country has produced?
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus @JohnZ Confederacy of Dunces: Let some time pass, then go back and read it again. It's something special.
@BRAKiasaurus @EdParks @JohnZ What you observed about Rabbit, Run, can, I think, be found in all of the Rabbit books. Each encapsulated a decade -- one during which Mr. Updike kept a notebook and wrote down interesting news stories and details concerning pop culture. It's a series ripe for a time capsule, as there seems to be in it just about everything that reveals what it was like to live in all of the decades the novels considered.
I enjoyed All the Light We Cannot See. Is it the best Pulitzer novel in recent memory? No. But it wasn't a horrible novel.
@BRAKiasaurus @JohnZ @EdParks The Moor's Account is one of the books I've been reading, and it is very good. It's on the Booker long list, too. Lovely prose and imagery.
I'm in agreement concerning Beloved. Considering novels that have been published in the latter part of the century, I think it's the one that will sustain interest, admiration, and dialogue one hundred, two hundred, etc., years from now. The characters, the theme, the structure, the quality of the writing -- an exceptional novel on all counts.
We both know how each of us feels about Lee's book, so we'll leave it at that (ha ha).
I have The Feud and have started to read it. Ah, Berger. Such wit.
@EdParks @JohnZ (Meanwhile, I notice I wrote "cannon" instead of "canon". Now's as good a time as any to say that I share your lament about the inability to edit comments, EdParks.)
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus @JohnZ Yes, the first three you mentioned are absolutely great novels and belong in our cannon.
As to AtLWCS, I haven't read it yet. Still working my way through the crop of this year's books. (For example, I think the next book I will read--as I just finished "City on Fire" and am wrapping three short story collections--will be "The Incarnations" and then, probably, "Saint Maize".)
We won't ever agree on everything. I don't understand why "The Road" won, and we have already argued over my disbelief that Lee Martin's novel would have been a finalist. "Love in Infant Monkeys" was a similarly bizarre choice. "All Souls" has some beautiful writing, but a Pulitzer finalist? I hated "Mean Spirit" when I read it--it has been awhile, so it's possible that I would enjoy it now.
I have All That Is, yet I haven't read it yet. The title has been surfacing in my mind, which is a good indicator that I may soon be reading it.
I would gladly have given the pulitzer to Ben Lerner's 10:04, and I think Stone's "Dog Soldiers" (a finalist, I think, although I don't recall what it was up against) should have won.
I'm interested if anyone has personal choices of his or her own that should have won the Pulitzer. Maybe I'm a glutton for punishment (ha ha), but I always find it a good thing to learn of books that others consider great, books that resonated with them. My library is already extensive (you've no idea!), but I believe in the adage "One can never have enough books."
So if anyone has specific books or collections that were in contention for the Pulitzer that he or she thinks should have won, please share them.
For entirely different reasons, I was reminded of James Wood's review of "& Sons" wherein he said something along the lines of "Gilbert can't seem to decide what kind of writer he wants to be" and then basically said that the book, while written by a writer of immense talent and potential, didn't live up to its promise, suffered from the writer's own indecision.
Underworld is a mess of a book, but it is brilliant and every page and word works towards its theme. I see why some might have cut parts of it, but I wouldn't have cut anything.
I don't know that I would necessarily cut anything from "City on Fire" either. Rather, I would simply have done what Harper Lee's editor did early on: told him where the potential was and ask for a rewrite.
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus Much like The Goldfinch, this book is large, hard to put down, and incredibly uneven.
In fact, the best parts actually take place in the characters' past. Mercer, an african american gay man who is living with the estranged heir to the Hamilton-Sweeney corporation, goes home to the south to see his family. He re-connects with his deviant brother and comes out to him. The moment feels sincere, is very well done, and exposes Hallberg as a writer to be watched--if the entire book were that strong throughout, it would certainly deserve to be in the running.
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus @ey814 @grahammyers I would hope that Smiley read the entire novel if she was willing to review it. Her thoroughness notwithstanding, I have read other reviews, each of them heaping praise on this book.
I don't think size will actually affect its potential. It is largely dialogue, and the year The Goldfinch won, it was up with "The Son" and "The Woman Who Lost Her Soul". Three huge novels. My guess is that Vollmann's novel would be put up against two 400-500 page novels, so the page number would likely be similar to 2013.
In any case, I'm not so cynical that I think serious people charged with the simple task of reading 3 books and then voting would shirk such a pleasant responsibility.
@ey814 @EdParks @grahammyers This one is of interest to me and should probably be in the running for this year's prize. His work is often lauded--including the uneven tomes, the best parts of which evidence a potential that (in so far as I can tell from reading reviews) makes the worst parts ever-more disappointing. So to see a book so universally praised this time around....I think there may be something worth keeping an eye on here.
There have been some particularly strong contenders this year that deal with race, particularly on the subject of being black in America. I think we are likely to see at least one of those get a nomination--and if journalists (inexplicably) help pick the winner, the social relevance could well award it the prize. Thinking in particular of "The Sellout" (which I haven't read) and "Braggsville" (which I have).
@ey814 @EdParks @grahammyers Will do my best later this year. :)
@EdParks @grahammyers The Dying Grass was reviewed by Jane Smiley in the NY Times (http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/02/books/review/the-dying-grass-by-william-t-vollmann.html). I'm too am interested in how well its received, I admire the scope and intent. Given my turtle-pace of reading, though, I'm probably not going to read it, so will rely on someone on this list to fill me in!
@EdParks I remember a discussion about David Rhodes when Driftless came out. He is an Iowa Writers' Workshop graduate and had published a number of well regarded novels in the 1970s, one drawing favorable comparison to Sherwood Anderson's "Winesburg, Ohio." Driftless was the first novel he'd published in 30 years, after the accident. Several discussants on the discussion board liked the novel, and I bought a first edition, but didn't end up reading it. I may have to go back to it.
@EdParks I saw this as well. You wonder why someone of Matthiessen's status didn't donate his library/ephemera to a library somewhere, I'm sure there would have been many takers.
I like the cover, and the scope of the book (and its subject matter) is intriguing--sounds like a real deviation from his previous two endeavors. I won't have time to read it until later this year, but I will be keeping an eye on the reviews (including the one we'll likely receive from you, EdParks) to try to decide whether it's a question of "when" instead of "if".
His short story collection is also due out in a couple months!
@BRAKiasaurus I just picked this up and look forward to reading it. I'm sure it will be uncomfortable in some ways but his is a voice that needs to be heard.
Despite the fact that we tend to focus on fiction here, I wanted to quickly give a nod to Ta Nehisi Coates' "Between the World and Me". Essentially an epistolary essay, it is a devastating account of what it means to be black in America. It vacillates between personal anecdotes and broader treatises about racism in America. For example:
It is powerful, and while it may provide few answers, everyone will come away with a deeper perspective and a new way of asking questions.
I am actually more curious about one of Scout's next publications (out next Spring): "Tuesday Nights in 1980", but I will save that for next year's discussion.
@BRAKiasaurus A smaller trim size would certainly be the first strategy to "bulk" up a short book.
@grahammyers @EdParks I changed my mind and picked it up. He's somewhat local, so I'm going to get him to sign a few books including his new one. Will not read it until later this year; but will let you know when I actually dive in. Honestly, it has gotten the most universally positive reviews of any book--possibly outside of "The Sellout" and "Braggsville"--that I've seen this year.
@EdParks the obscure topics he chooses to write about and the sheer volume of his works puts him out of contention for me. i'm sure he's an excellent writer, but i can't justify reading his books.
@EdParks I too have been keeping an eye on this book...very curious how this book does in the awards season--universally positive (and starred) ratings, from what I've seen. He's an interesting writer! I think I'll probably dive into Europe Central before I buy this tome, however.
@EdParks I got mine from B&N yesterday. It is BIG. Not sure when I'll be ready to read it. David Truer (I think) gave it a great review.
That said, the font size: I prefer a smaller font size, but I also recognize (as someone who wears glasses) that I won't always enjoy that luxury. Interestingly, Anne Enright's novel has really large font. I'm not sure why particularly, although I wonder at times if they do that simply to make short novels seem more substantial? Enright's book received solid reviews, as I recall.
@AlexKerner I'm very curious about A little life, people seem to love or hate that novel. Bill Clegg's first novel is nominated too, Portrait of an addict as a young men is published in Spain (i remember some papers interviewing him a year and a half before it was published here, i remember thinking who is this guy to get such attention from the media)
I'll definitely have to pick up a copy. Hopefully I can find a signed first.
@ChrisEllis77 @BRAKiasaurus BLACK RIVER has stuck with me. It is not perfect, by any means -- it has some problems indicative of first novels -- but besides THE SELLOUT, I haven't read anything else yet that I think has a chance of winning.
I read Mr Tall by Tony Earley a few days ago, some short stories and a novella, very well written, he seems to write a lot around marriage at different stages. maybe he has plentyy of experience there.
Agree with you about the Pulitzer winner this year...it would be nice if the award would go to any deserving novel, particularly an under-recognized or independently published book (as I believe it should have last year with "Preparation for the Next Life".)
I have also read The Shore ,Alex, yes I agree its very good, maybe a chance. The last years I have just waited to last in the year to see who the genral public have been siding and gone for that, from a collectors point of view, it would be nice if something won which did not have a 100,000 in the first print run.
@AlexKerner Haven't read it yet, but the description sounds interesting
@EdParks @ey814 This is really sad news. I didn't realize his age until recently, when listening to an interview about Andrew's Brain.
@EdParks I'm a big Joe Coomer fan. The Loop is one of my all time favorite books. Also really liked The Decatur Road. Sorry to hear he's having difficulty finding a publisher.
@BRAKiasaurus @Marybethking sure if you can or I can just wait until October!!
In any case, I'm not sure where to obtain a copy offhand, but I am happy to report back about the book. If I happen upon another copy, would you like me to send it your way?
@EdParks I really did enjoy the 'The Bright Forever' as well. I think I did if I'm remembering my reading correctly!
@BRAKiasaurus how or where do you get an advanced copy? thanks!!
Has anyone ever gone backward and read Pulitzer Fiction (Novel) from the beginning and evaluated why they won, or wondered why? I do follow this blog and it always becomes exciting as it reaches the yearly end. Thank you.
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus continues to get better...not striking me as a pulitzer book yet, though.
@BRAKiasaurus I finished it last month and thought it was fine. If you're going to read over 900 pages I think you want to like it a little more than just okay. I liked A Little Life infinitely more.
I just finished Infinite Home and loved it. It's scope is pretty small, but the writing is spectacular. I'd love for it to get some attention.
Fates and Furies was also really good. I think it could make some waves as well.
I have copies of Purity, Gold Fame Citrus, and Eileen, all of which I have very high hopes for.
So far, "city on fire" doesn't even remotely strike me as Pulitzer material. It is compelling and hard to put down, but it reminds me vaguely of Donna Tartt meets Richard Price. We will see as I continue--definitely worth picking up to read at this point, but hasn't yet--150 pages in--convinced me that it is worthy of that particular award.
@EdParks i think it is safe to assume that it will not win the Pulitzer
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus @JohnZ She can be, though she often makes very good and fair points about books. I wonder what James Wood is going to say about the novel...such a unique situation, this.
Hmm....Corrigan definitely confirms some of my concerns about this novel. Will have to read it myself to decide if I agree or disagree.
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus Ha, I am 30, so I guess relatively young. It is true that my literary eyes are bigger than my stomach, but I usually get to most of the things that are truly important to me.
I have about 10 books going right now, one novel, one non-fiction, 6 or 7 short story collections, and a book or two of poetry, and I tend to read different things in different settings. The train: poetry or short stories, the gym: nonfiction (not sure why), and novels in the evenings and weekends.
But I guess we'll see. You may well be right. I of course will never get to everything, but that indisputable fact does little to quell my voracious appetite. :)
I've been meaning to read The Tunnel--I believe that's often considered his best work?
@EdParks @JohnZ It is true: I have no reason to assume she continued to write. Except that Lee was a writer, and as such, I would be absolutely shocked if she resisted the temptation to continue her craft long after her debut publication albeit in secret.
It was not, as I understand it, the writing she disliked but rather the limelight and (perhaps) the likelihood that no followup would ever live up to "Mockingbird".
Still, readers cannot help but to feel they have a personal stake, and when a writer does something readers with which readers are not comfortable (if not outright angry), it hurts.
The bottom line, I suppose, is that authors can do whatever they want with their creations, and sometimes they take their characters and change them to a degree that knocks the polish off them.
I am not interested in attacking or defending the book prior to its publication (as I said above, I'm far more interested in the editing process and if this will ultimately lead to other works being released). I do agree that it might be timely, if for no other reason than it may have us all reopening "Mockingbird".
While I don't think the racial divide is growing, I think that the internet has illuminated an issue that was always present but previously easier for some to ignore. This novel is perhaps just one more, thankfully non-violent, opportunity for us all to consider the country's legacy and the ways in which those issues persist today.
Even after reading and liking the first chapter of Go Set a Watchman, I have to admit Ms. Kakutani's review has given me pause. I think she, too, was a little stunned by how a character in the novel has been treated. Or is it rendered? For Ms. Kakutani, it seemed rather a timorous review.
Which is all to say, in the coming days, one suspects quite a dialogue is going to be had. And given the current socio-political climate in this nation, perhaps Go Set a Watchman might well provide something in the way of a catalyst. I suppose there's something to be said for synchronicity.
The controversy is moderately interesting to me: from one perspective, she might not have published the novel if this were 20 years ago and her mental faculty was indisputably undiminished. There is a chance that she was, in fact, taken advantage of by the publisher and lawyer; on the other hand, authors who pass away often have their work published and so this may have surfaced, no matter her wishes, after Lee's death regardless.
In that vein, this novel may well be the first in a series of post-humous publications by Lee. I would be shocked if she didn't work on another novel, a set of short stories, etc. Again, we'll see.
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus @ey814 Ha, I don't actually think our tastes and interpretations are that divergent. The tempestuous tone of our recent dialogues aside, I tend to enjoy the novels your recommend. (You strike me as someone who puts great effort, as needed, into the novels you read--even going so far as vouching for the allegedly overwritten portions of "The Stones of Summer", suggesting that they are in fact part of the voice of a drug-addled mind--which is why I was honestly surprised by the assertion that Walbert's footnotes were gimmicky or that you wanted a straightforward narrative.)
But I think we tend to agree on most things...and just as a reminder: I am not (yet) an advocate for last year's pulitzer winner. I doubt I will hate it; I also doubt I will read a better book from last year than "Preparation for the Next Life". That would have been my choice, and I'm holding fast to it.
In any case, I liked what I read of Bock's novel--but I had to put it down (I don't recall why)--but it was certainly the "City on Fire" of its year. My friend at McSweeneys was dismayed, as they had released something the same week, and Bock's book sucked all the air out of the room.
Franzen's novel seems to be getting pretty mixed reviews, and (again, a way in which our tastes diverged, I did not care for his last novel).
Very curious about "The New Valley"--going to try to read it at some point in the next few months, I think, when I finish the CoF ARC. His novel did sound strikingly different, so I was curious. Thanks for the opinion!
@EdParks @ey814 I love when they put this stuff out...although there are less exciting things coming out this fall than I would have expected. That said, these lists tend not to be entirely thorough. I'm finishing up "The Sixth Extinction" right now (and I can't recommend it highly enough).
I will start "City on Fire" next--I have received an ARC of it. Will let you know what I think, but I'm very excited to read it.
Colum McCann's book is exciting, as is Marra's--actually Marra's is more exciting to me than McCann's. Not sure if I care about Johnson's collection, but I will likely pick it up as he is local and will inevitably have at least one signing here in the bay area.
I am also interested in Vollmann's book, however I haven't read many of his works, so there's no reason I have to start with this. Will likely pick read "Europe Central" before I read "Grass". Claire Watkins' novel certainly piqued my interest, but David Mitchell's work sounds minor.
They didn't include Kathleen Alcott's "Infinite Home"--which has received a bit of buzz--though perhaps that was on the previous list?
Not even remotely curious about Harper Lee's novel, a book that likely shouldn't have been published but which will likely be of more use to scholars than to anyone else.
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus Eh, I don't know. Will let you know what I think--I'm perfectly comfortable being challenged by an atypical structure.
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus I don't even remotely require a story to be straightforward in its telling. I also do not feel footnotes to be a gimmick simply because they are rarely used (although many wonderful authors have used them: Wallace, Diaz, etc.). I went to see Walbert speak and she talked about how important it was to her that these be there as interjections, as asides for the reader, things to interrupt the linear train of thought. I think in this case she was crafting an experience--an experience which may be undermined on a device, something she struggled against.
@EdParks Keeping an eye out for Alvar's book...I like to buy locally to support my local bookstores, but for some reason most haven't stocked it. It sounded like one of those books that could fly under the radar and then win lots of awards.
I reached out to a friend who has a City on Fire ARC. I'll let you know what I think when I've received / read it.
@BRAKiasaurus I don't receive ARCs ever (maybe because since I returned to goodreads I haven't written any reviews, not that I wrote many before), but since you mentioned goodreads, feel free to friend me: https://www.goodreads.com/AutumnalFrost I left because I spent too much time on there and had to many "friends" with little or no similar interests. I'd be interested to see what other books my fellow Pulitzer enthusiasts read.
Hey all, I don't know that the moderators want to turn this into a marketplace at all--however, I occasionally find (and buy) or receive ARCs from goodreads, etc. If anyone ever has ARCs or books they're looking for / want to trade, etc., I'd be interested.
It occurred to me, because I recently received a copy of "Everybody Rise" by Stephanie Clifford in the mail from goodreads, and I (like the rest of the world) am looking for an ARC of "City on Fire" without spending too much (since I will buy it when it comes out anyway).
Anyway, just throwing it out there. :)
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus I started the book--it is loose and impressionistic and very well-written. I will see her speak this Thursday, and am very curious how this book which seems playful with structure and form compares to her other work. I have KYOTO and SHORT HISTORY OF WOMEN.
@EdParks @ey814 I am truly saddened by this news, and yet, he lived a long life. I wish "All That Is" had received more much-deserved accolades, because I think he deserves to be recognized by the wider public. I would certainly have been happy if it had--even in a year so full of strong novels--won the Pulitzer.
@EdParks I agree... and am glad! So, did you come to a decision about how many of the Pulitzer winners are, in your estimation, great? I think it's a good question.
@jfieds2 @ey814 I don't know....Kirkus completely contradicts the PW review. I think some people may just be disinclined toward larger novels. In any case, there is certainly a lot of hype around this book, and it is hard to live up to that.
That said, I still think (having read only the excerpts) it is likely the best Pulitzer contender I've heard about this year.
PW is just one publication, but I'd be surprised if any Pulitzer winner had something like that in a review...
Has anyone read or heard about "The Wonder Garden", a collection of short stories which received a star review from Kirkus?
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus And I would like to note that it is a HUGE pet peeve of mine when people who don't finish a book feel entitled to critique it (and therefore dissuade others from reading it). Drives me nuts. It is a rare thing to be presented with quotes, admittedly out of context, in those same reviews...and that is the only reason I lent them any credence whatsoever. But I'm sure I'll get to it sometime.
"Paris, He Said" by Christine Sneed (I haven't read her novels, but her short stories were solid, very promising, and garnered a bit of attention.) This novel got a good review on The Millions. It is out already.
"Fates and Furies" by Lauren Groff. She got a bit of attention a few years back on this forum for "Arcadia". Releases on Sept. 15. Might be worth keeping an eye on.
That said, even had I read Doerr's much-praised ATLWCS, I hardly think it hypocrisy to enjoy one novel and then, in a world of so many indisputably high-quality books, be put off by the writing quality of (and therefore choose not to read) another. If I do read the novel at some point, I am quite confident that I will be capable of understanding. That doesn't mean my opinion of his writing will change.
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus Yeah, not sure--I can't judge too much without reading it for myself...reviewers on Amazon seem to be creating long lists--most distinct from each other--of sentences they hated. I must say that I agree with their choices...the writing is just poor in most cases, often due to nothing more than the prolixity of the sentences.
But perhaps there are reason for it. I may get to it one day, but even if I do, I will likely remain wary...
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus Yeah, like I said, the film was really awesome! And it's pretty cool that he got the book reissued on the power of the film alone--additionally, the book seems to have been well-reviewed at the time, simply a victim of circumstance.
That said, these writing samples (found in the one-star reviews on amazon) really put me off:
But it's possible the book--despite whatever benefit it may have found from some strong editing--is lovely in its totality. I just haven't ever given it a go.
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus I really enjoyed that film--the film is fun and really inspiring for book lovers like ourselves. Hoewver, when I looked into the book itself, I was utterly put off by the excerpts in the 1 star comments on amazon....the writing was atrocious.
@EdParks @Marybethking Just got both in the mail. Keep ya posted!
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus Yeah, I don't share your opinion of "Freedom" at all, but sometimes that has more to do with timing. I think there are books which, were I to revisit them, i would experience them completely differently.
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus I don't quite recall what piqued my interest in Hale's novel. I will say that I find Iowa Writers' graduates to have a good track record--though perhaps I have lucked out.
I may disagree with your assessment of A Little Life, but we'll see...I feel like I heard some comparison to Franzen at some point, and although "The Corrections" was a fine novel, his followup was disappointing...which is to say: if the comparison stands, I may well find myself in the same camp as you. I read the first few pages and nothing about the writing struck me as the effort of "a major novelist", though the writing wasn't bad. Simply found it uninspiring.
I would say some of the most powerful work I have read over the past decade would be classified as "gay literature"--though I myself see no real reason to give it a label (I find a lot of sub-categorization somewhat troubling, particularly when it goes beyond genre to include theme, race, or creed); "By Nightfall" and "You Are Not a Stranger Here" are two books that come to mind. But I digress...regardless, I'm curious about "A Little Life" and will let you know what I think.
Glad to hear you like Knausguard's work. Looking forward to committing myself to it this year. (A few big books I plan to read this year: the evolution of bruno littlemore, a little life, city on fire...going to try to fit book one of karl ove's opus in, as well....next year, gonna give "Infinite Jest" a go, I think.)
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus This is the tweet to which I referred:
In Santa Monica, with @AtticusLish, who's taping Bookworm with Michael Silverblatt. The novel will also be a selection of @kcrw's book club.
I'm honestly not sure I would read Knausgaard's work out of order, myself. The opening of Book 1 is very impressive. It describes the way the body shuts down in death. It is the passage that convinced me to pick up the rest of the books.
Lish's book is strong--the writing is just wonderful. At the reading I attended, he was asked about his sentence construction. He responded that he was more concerned with the structure of paragraphs. Where they begin, where they end, how one thought moves into the next. Definitely curious to hear what you think.
@EdParks @Marybethking They release today--will pick them up and let you know my thoughts. I have Robin Black's novel from last year queued up first and am working my way through The Last Flight of Poxyl West, which hasn't captivated my attention...
@EdParks @BRAKiasaurus By the way, I read that Atticus Lish had recorded an interview for Bookworm; it hasn't aired yet, so I can't verify, but I think I saw that on Tyrant Books' twitter feed.
@EdParks @Marybethking @BRAKiasaurus Yep, they're releasing super soon.
@BRAKiasaurus do you have any idea as to when these are to be released? I couldn't find either when I searched my library database online.
@EdParks Interesting. I loved Drop City. Haven't been bowled over by much of anything else, and just didn't finish The Women. But, your endorsement convinces me.
By the way, not eligible, but "The Black Snow" by Paul Lynch has gotten some wonderful reviews for its incredible writing. Seems like a book that shouldn't be missed!
I'm looking forward to two forthcoming books:
@EdParks I've never read Boyle's longer work (I've read some of his short fiction in Mcsweeneys), but he seems to garner a lot of praise. Worth picking this novel up, I gather?
@EdParks Can you elaborate on what you liked about Richard Lange's book? Sounds like he's known for his short stories--but I gather his novels tend to be more genre oriented? Master of capturing different voices?
Do you think it is a pulitzer contender? His previous collection seemed very well-received.
@ey814 Aw, glad to hear it, Ed. I am simply under the impression, however mistaken, that you and I have similar tastes. It is possible to be a voracious reader who consumes books of all sorts (although I, like ey814, am not a fast reader) but who is consistently drawn to particular types of plots or writing. I'll pick "Local Wonders" and "Sweet Nothing" and let you know what I think!
@ChrisEllis77 I'd also like to thank the lot of you. I came for the predictions, and stayed for the chatter.
@ChrisEllis77 Welcome Chris! I'll be interested to hear from the folks on this list about the quality of the writing in this book (versus To Kill a Mockingbird). I wonder how many Advance Reading Copies will be released, if any. Until someone sees the book, seems to me it's all an open question!
So far from this list, I've read 'A Little Life', 'The Harder They Come' and 'Delicious Foods'. 'Delicious Foods' has had the biggest impact on me so far. I would also add 'The Sympathizer' by Viet Thanh Nguyen.
@tklein27 If you hear anything about signed editions, let us know!
Hello all, I have been followng this site for a few years now, and would like to congratulate you on how interesting and useful it is, for both reading and collecting.
Has anyone any ideas or views on it.
@BRAKiasaurus @AlexKerner there are several books this year that are getting lots of praise. It's going to be a good reading year.
But who knows! It might be great. I will be endlessly curious, however, to see how it fares against the expectations and during awards season!
I'll list off the big books that are worth noting and probably paying attention to:
Well I guess I'll kick things off. Can't wait to read Go Set a Watchman. The cover looks similar to the Mockingbird cover. I imagine there will be a ton of first printings. But there might also be some special signed and numbered editions issued as well.
I read somewhere that Reese Witherspoon will be the reader for the audio version.

Neuro science helps us to look at how the brain operates. The more we know about the brain, the better we can understand how people make decisions and SOMETIMES Why.
We begin our journey with a visual representation of the brain. <br><br>"On assignment for Psychology class, Jackson Mohsenin set out to create an infographic that displayed &amp; explained the major sections of the brain and their functions. The brain is extremely complex, and thus the goal was to communicate just enough without overloading the viewer with information."
While today we have many cool and relatively high-tech tools to study the inner workings of the brain, such was not always the case. For many thousands of years looking inside of a functioning brain was very near impossible.
So study of the brain was focused on the rare cases of brain injury (imagine a person got hit in the head and subsequent behavior changed), the effect of certain "drugs" on thought, and postmortem dissections.
On the shoulders of giants (Thanks Isaac Newton!)
That does not mean the brain was not studied, only that it was more difficult and less precise than brain study today. There are many (trust me I have spent hours reading them for fun) online timelines that give a historical perspective to how far we have come. Two of my favorite historical examinations are:
A timeline from Eric Chudler of the University of Washington that goes back thousands of years. The level of detail for any given "event" is low, but very interesting and a great starting point.
The History of the Brain from PBS covers the same material (that's good right!?) but has a bit more description and pictures.
Today we have many ways to study how the brain works. At the risk of oversimplification there are five main ways of doing this:
EEG-- Electroencephalography (EEG) measures electronic impulses within the brain. This is done by having the person being studied wear a series of sensors on the scalp (often done with a "skull cap") Pictures here. The benefit of this is that it is MUCH cheaper and relatively fast.
Blood tests--these measure levels of various neurotransmitters in the blood. The most important of these include Oxytocin, Serotonin, and Dopamine.
The next few tools "Slides" will cover these in more detail.
A research team from Arizona State University has been engaged in a unique research project. Academics have studied leadership for decades. But leadership remains an area of relative mystery because so much of it is associated with cognitive and emotional response. A new multidisciplinary approach is called leadership neuroscience.
VERY little finance per se, but so interesting I had to include it: "A Canadian man who was believed to have been in a vegetative state for more than a decade, has been able to tell scientists that he is not in any pain. It's the first time an uncommunicative, severely brain-injured patient has been able to give answers clinically relevant to their care."
Good or bad, we may soon be able to Read Your Mind
Neuroscience has learned much about the brain's activity and its link to certain thoughts. As Lesley Stahl reports, it may now be possible, on a basic level, to read a person's mind.
When two people are trying to make a deal -- whether they're competing or cooperating -- what's really going on inside their brains? Behavioral economist Colin Camerer shows research that reveals just how little we're able to predict what others are thinking.
While there is some evidence linking violence in general to risk factors such as age, sex, substance abuse, and personality traits such as anger and impulsiveness, over many years, researchers have established that only a very small subset of people suffering from mental illness are likely to commit violent acts.
Listening to music may make the daily commute tolerable, but streaming a story through the headphones can make it disappear. You were home; now you're at your desk: What happened? Storytelling happened, and now scientists have mapped the experience of listening to podcasts, specifically " The Moth Radio Hour," using a scanner to track brain activity.
New technologies are shedding light on biology's greatest unsolved mystery: how the brain really works.

Tomorrow is September 1st, already. How did that happen? Fall is right around the corner, and I know this because the Halloween decorations have already started to hit the shelves and retailers are coming out with pumpkin spice everything (I'm serious; yesterday I saw pumpkin spice almonds in the nut section of the Hellmouth. Bleh!).
I love the fall, so, this is not exactly bad news for me. But, the summer went by so fast! I feel like I blinked and I missed it, and, if my less-than-stellar performance on my bucket list is any indication, I just may have. So, let's get to that list:
2. Spend as much quality time as possible with the Cub before we deliver him to college. I did pretty well at this one. The Cub worked a full time job, played baseball, and kept up an active social life, but I still made every effort to spend time with him.
4. Re-create the black and white picture that I took of the kids with Jana's crew back in 2008. Oh, my heart, did I ever accomplish this one.
5. Lake time. Yeah...never saw a drop of water this summer. The boat being in dry-dock for the majority of the summer was a major buzz-kill; I'm still irritated by it.
6. Enjoy my 30th high school reunion. Success! I had a great time, and, while I initially said that I didn't have a part in planning it, I did end up hosting that Bloody Mary/Mimosa bar with my old friend, which, actually ended up making the reunion even more fun.
7. Do a deep cleaning of my house, including the closets and attics. Again, give me just a second, ha! ha! ha! ha! Yeah. No.
8. Decide what the hell I'm going to do as an empty-nester. This, my friends, is going to be a work in progress. Please stay tuned.
10. Cherries. Homemade mint chip ice cream. Fresh vegetables from the farmer's market. Well, I ate my body weight in cherries, and, I made a batch of mint chip. I never made it to the farmer's market, but, two out of three ain't bad.
11. Spend some time with The Girls. I am so sad that this particular item didn't get done. But! We have made plans to get together the third weekend in September, and, as I said at the beginning of this post, September starts tomorrow! So, the countdown to Girl Time will commence shortly.
Also commencing shortly: my 2017 Fall Bucket List. How much do you want to bet there is an item about healthy eating and exercise?
Ha! I am nothing if not predictable.
- I'm still watching this show. This is quite possibly a record for me.
- Matt's beard is threatening to take over his face. This situation is threatening his status as the prettiest scenery in the house. Trim that shit down, Matt!
- Matt: "I don't throw my girl under the bus". Hmmm, wonder how long that will last.
- I don't think I've ever been as creeped out by a human being as I am by Kevin. Again; shudder
- I am beginning to think that Josh lacks an indoor voice.
- Kevin's dismay at the trashed house almost makes me feel sorry for him. Except, he's totally creepy, so, yeah...not so much.
- Seriously, Matt, baby, trim that facial hair.
- And that's it for the showmances this season.
- Man, I hope they send Raven home tomorrow, there won't be anything pretty in the house if Matt is evicted.
Yesterday, my nephew- long known on this blog as the Rebel Without a Pause- welcomed his first child into the world.
Yes, he and his wife are grown adults, theoretically, but, in my mind he'll always be my four-year-old sidekick, learning how to howl at the moon and begging me to read The Rainbow Fish just one more time (for the twentieth time).
Time, man. It's a sneaky bitch.
Today was the Cub's first day of classes, and, he sent me this picture to mark the occasssion.
I was impressed that he went to all the trouble of posing for a picture, let alone making a sign.Then, he confessed that his sister had actually made the sign for him; slipping it into his suitcase while my back was turned the night that we took him to her house to say goodbye.
If they asked for ponies for Christmas, I just might be tempted to buy them each one.
Ok, it's not exactly a hobby, but, I have decided to do something that challenges me as often as possible. And, I started today, with a high mountain hike with Kristi, one of my favorite co-workers.
The waterfalls on the way up were a nice scenic bonus, and, with Kristi as my hiking partner, there was never a moment when I felt judged for my obvious physical limitations.
As a side note, I am really, really out of shape. It's time to address that, especially if I am going to continue to challenge myself in any way, shape, or form that is physical.
Looks like we can expect a return of the Exercise Induced Tourettes any time now.
If we have learned anything in our trips to Hawaii, it's that they are going to take several long days of travel to accomplish. This trip was no different; we left Queen B's house at a little before 9:00 p.m. (following the last family dinner that we will all eat together), and drove through the night to reach the Salt Lake City airport, where we parked the car, reclined the seats, and grabbed two hours of restless sleep before boarding our first plane at 7:20.
The first flight, ironically, delivered us to Denver, where we boarded the second flight, bound for Hawaii. Please don't get me started on the fact that we couldn't find a cheap flight directly from Denver, which still would have resulted in a five hour drive, but, would have saved us the lay-over. I don't understand the economics of air travel, obviously.
Anyway, the flight from Denver to Honolulu took seven hours, at which point we arrived on the island with plenty of time to gather our luggage and rental car, check into our room, and hit Waikiki Beach for a leisurely stroll before dinner at The Cheesecake Factory, where we indulged in the namesake dessert x three.
After dinner, we headed back to the motel for a night of rest before the real festivities began the following morning. And, by festivities, I mean the minutia involved in getting the Man-Cub checked into-and moved into-his dorm room.
Our first stop was the local Bed, Bath & Beyond, where we picked up the Cub's Pack and Hold order, consisting of his bedding, towels, desk lamp, a few microwave accessories, and bathroom organization items (as an aside, this is a really great program; our day would have been a lot more stressful if we hadn't had the option to pick everything out ahead and to have it waiting when we arrived. It saved us quite a bit of time).
Once we had our items, we headed for the Hawaii Loa campus, where check-in was accomplished in less than two minutes, the Cub's official school ID was procured, and our load was transported to the dorm via golf-cart. It really was that simple.
Dinner that night was Godon Biersch, which I mentioned in yesterday's post, and then we dropped the Cub off for his first night as a resident of the dorms.
Wednesday morning, we were up early to attend the convocation ceremony at a theater in downtown Honolulu. It was a grand event, and, one that we wouldn't have wanted to miss. Then, we made the decision to skip the day's orientation sessions, because we had already done everything on the agenda when we visited in June.
Instead, we spent the day driving the North Shore, stopping for pie at Ted's and exploring the Waimea Valley Falls Park area, which, was awesome. It was there that we got to see an ancient Hawaiian dwelling as well as examples of Hawaiian flora that was truly breathtaking. It was an interesting stop and I'm glad we didn't miss it.
On the drive back to Honolulu, we saw a seal, sunning herself on the beach (I know she was a she because she was being watched over by a seal preservation volunteer, who was more than happy to give me some of the details about monk seals and their endangered species designation).
We watched the seal until she made her way back into the water and then we hit the road, again.
Dinner that night was with Cindy, Ken, and their daughter, Madi, who was a doll and with whom the Cub connected, immediately (they made plans to head for the North Shore to jump from the cliffs that we visited back in June). We visited until well past sunset, at which point Hugh and I excused ourselves due to our early flight.
Photo courtesy of the Man-Cub: Proof of Life, Day Two
I would be sad about being so easily replaced, but, let's be honest; I'm happy if he's happy. And, Hawaii makes my son very happy.
I just wish it wasn't so freaking far away.
Our trip back took sixteen hours, including a short layover in San Fransisco and the five hour drive from Salt Lake City. I guess it wouldn't be paradise is it was easy to get to.
We got back from Hawaii at 1:00 this morning, after which I crashed for many, many hours, finally waking at 11:30, which, is unheard of for me. In my defense, it was only 7:30 in Hawaii, and, my sleep pattern must still be there, along with my son.
Sooo, now I am adjusting to a new sleep pattern and an empty nest. This shouldn't be uncomfortable at all.
1. The Man-Cub's college campuses and his dorm room are definitely going to be favorites-for the Man-Cub, at least.
Yeah, no need to worry about the two of them doing anything crazy. No need at all.
Anhoodle, they really lucked out with a room that sits on the corner of the building, meaning that they have a private bathroom, despite us having paid for a room with a bathroom shared between four people.
The boys did get a bonus roommate the first night...but we don't think he's cut out for the college life.
3. Exploring the Cub's new home has rapidly become a favorite past time for myself and Hugh. We utilized our rental car to the maximum this trip, and, I'll write an actual post about that, but, it's safe to say that having the freedom to cruise the island was a favorite (which goes a long way in explaining the Cub's excitement at his roommate having a car).
We saw some amazing scenery, dipped our toes in the ocean on two new beaches, explored a botanical garden, hiked to a waterfall, and saw some gorgeous flowers and wildlife, including a seal!
4. I can't lie, I'm already missing my boy, but, knowing that the Cub is happy, fitting in, and excited about his future is the most favorite thing of all, this trip.
This is one of his first Proof of Life selfies (remember, I require Proof of Life, twice a day)...
...he's already killin' it in Hawaii.
It's all Fun and Games Until Someone Pulls a Hammy...
You Can Never Have Too Many Cooks in the Kitchen
It Really Is a Small, Small World

Don’t Go Anywhere Without A First Aid Kit
Extra winter clothes,jumper cables and a first aid kit are all items you should always store in your vehicle. If you want to hear more tips from Denver’s Subaru repair experts on what to carry in your car during the winter, stay tuned for our next blog!

In honor of this coming weekend's Auburn and Georgia game here are a couple new-ish prints that I've done. I obviously did the Auburn one 1st but felt like I should do one for our neighbors to the north. If there is another team you'd like to see (that isn't Alabama) then please send me an email. Thanks and WAR EAGLE!
I will be participating in a Halloween show at My Parents' Basement on Sunday 10/25. I will be there with a bunch of great local artists showing off our stuff. Hope you can make it!
And here is the map of the event:
I will be at the Grant Park Summer Shade Festival this coming weekend (August 29 & 30). The festival will be going from 10a-10p on Saturday and 11a-7:30p on Sunday. I always have a blast and look forward to another great time. I will be in Booth #8 which is across the way from where I've been the last few years (#45ish). I have a ton of new stuff I can't wait to show off. I hope you make it out!
Saturday 5/4 is Free Comic Book Day. I am very happy to be a guest of Odin's Comics for the day. I will have some prints/artwork with me and will be sitting with some amazing local artists. We'll be there from 11am to 6pm.
Some of the great folks that will be there include the following:
Bobby Nash - Award-winning writer of novels, comic books, short prose, and screenplays.
Stan the Zombie - Issue #2 available at the event.
The Belligerent Monkey - Creator of low-brow and pop art pieces (that's me!).
I wanted to say thanks to everyone at the Diesel Fueling Station. I ended my residency there today and brought all my stuff home. They were amazing to work with and I hope we can do something together again in the future.
This one isn't exactly new. I finished it a little while back but haven't posted it here. Here's a Dr Who and Dr Dre mashup. Currently availble as a print on canvas and a magnet. If you're interested please send me an email.
Huge thanks to everyone that made it out to the show at the Diesel Fueling Station this past Friday night. The folks at Diesel were fantastic and I had a blast. The paintings will be there for about a month before switching out to a different artist. If you saw something you liked but didn't get a chance to grab it please send me an email. THANKS!
I will have my 1st solo art show of 2015 this coming Friday (2/6) at the Diesel Fueling Station in Virginia Highlands. It will start at 7pm and will have music provided by DJ Rev Andy.
I'll have paintings on the walls and I will be set up with prints and magnets. Hope you can make it. Should be a blast! The paintings will stay up for about a month after the show.
Here's an Andy Warhol. take on Wonder Woman that I just finished. These are always fun to do and I've done a Princess Leia and Ron Swanson in the same style before.
I made this guy over the holiday break. All the equations in the background are actual calculus equations. This is my 5th robot and I think I have a few more left in me. You can see the others here: #1, #2, #3, and #4. I'll have prints and magnets of this one available soon. Shoot me an email if you're interested.

Moving to K-W can be confusing for anybody: how can you explain King Street, that runs north, south, east and west ?! Or streets like King and Weber, that are sometimes parallel, and yet cross each other in two places ? For someone new to the country, adjusting to life here can be even much more confusing.
The Centre focuses on two main areas in its work. First it tries to help immigrants with whatever they need in order to participate in their new life. Second, it helps community members to adjust to its changing face.
To help the community welcome those new to the area, the Centre provides seminars and workshops for community groups, businesses, and schools.
Just in case you are getting the impression that it’s all work and no fun, let me remind you of the Multicultural Festival, which is held every year at Victoria Park during the Canada Day (July 1) weekend. For two fun-filled days, the whole family can enjoy crafts, traditional dancing and especially foods from around the world ! This event is something Kitchener-Waterloo always looks forward to.

After sensors have been turned on Intermittent setting, it is not possible to change their setting in the future. Even if a player turns them either on or off, the Intermittent setting returns. Apparently, this is only problematic for multi-player games and does not present itself in solitaire games.
Any weapon that has a range less than 1.0 nm, cannot be fired by the AI. However, the player is able to utilize these weapons manually and they appear to operate at the correct range. I do not know if missions created by the player will suffer this restriction, but I suspect that they will since Missions are under AI control.
After victory has been awarded to a player in solitaire mode, if the player elects to continue, a Multi-Player Chat Window opens when he selects "Yes".
Units that turn off their radar can still show up as being jammed with the "X" next to their icon.
Unit is unable to plot a course that enables it to leave port and proceed to Formation patrol zone.
EmCon status of units does not match the EmCon state shown in Unit display and there is no way to turn it off..
Planes were added to a base and assigned to a mission. However, they disappear and access through the Mission editor is not possible.
Runways can be reduced, but not be destroyed by nuclear weapons.

Stevens was inside the Brooks House the day after a five-alarm fire in 2011 caused significant damage to the historic 1871 building, and he has been working almost three years to stabilize and rebuild it.
During a tour of the Brooks House Thursday he pointed out the painted Sheetrock walls which represent an important milestone in the $24 million rehabilitation project.
"When you see Sheetrock it means you're in the home stretch," he said. "We're in good shape. We are where we need to be and I am optimistic that it is all going to be done on time."
An electrical fire started in the Brooks House on April 17, 2011, damaging the historic Main Street building.
Water from the fire fighting teams caused further damage, and the building has been vacant ever since.
After working almost a full year to put together a financing package to rehabilitate the structure, Stevens and his four partners closed on the property in July 2013, and work crews have been on site ever since.
On Thursday the Brooks House Development Team led a group of supporters, business leaders and members of the media through the Brooks House.
But he said for the most part the work has been progressing, and on any given day up to 100 workers are on the site among the building's four stories.
The colleges are expected to bring about 350 students and another 50 staff members into downtown everyday that there are classes.
The scope of the massive project was evident during the tour, with 143-year-old brick walls and columns visible through steel joists and frame work that will support the new walls that are being installed.
Stevens said some of the apartments are still available, and not all of the retail spaces have been rented.
Still he said interest in the apartments and in the retail spaces continues to grow, and Stevens said he was not concerned with how empty spaces would affect the development team's ability to meet its financial obligations.
The team in investing up to $24 million in the re-development project, even though the property is expected to be assessed at about $8 million.
When all of the work is done the 80,000 square-feet in the Brooks House will have been completely renovated and refurbished.
"It's all new," Stevens said. "It's going to be an all-new building inside the old shell."
The restored lobby will lead to a two-story atrium.

I will also be available for tutorials by request.
If you would like a workshop on any aspect of gardening or garden design, do get in touch.
New Courses and New Dates for 2018/19
The following one day workshops continue to be very popular and will be held on the following dates:
For further details on all these courses, click on Courses. Don't forget to keep an eye on the Planting Ideas and Handy Hints on the Handy Hints page. These will help you with your gardening, season by season.
Be inspired! For a special occasion, a Gardening Course Voucher would be welcomed by any gardening enthusiast for whom you are keen to find a gift. It makes an ideal Mother's Day, Father's Day, Birthday, Christmas or Thank you present. To order or for more information, click on Contact Info.

Each cover displays a unique combination of two artworks. This was achieved through the creation of a custom algorithm that processes the data that is fed to the HP Indigo 10000
Internally, the book is divided into three main sections: an introduction to the history of the typewriter and its art; an expansive plate section showing key works and a dense reference section featuring biographies of the genre’s most influential artists and writers.

HERE IS A SELECTION OF OUR RECENT PRESS CUTTINGS…

Looking for a few great books to share with the young ones this holiday? Here are a few favorites from my time as a teacher and school librarian {and now, as a mom.} A little activity follows each summary if you’d like something thematic that ties into the story. Happy reading!
This beautiful book with simple rhyming text shows animals getting ready because “someone” is coming to their house. On the last few pages you see it is Mary and Joseph. The woodblock illustrations and lyrical wording make it a quick but touching read. One of my favorites for sure, and the kids loves the animals. Describes the nativity in a simple but meaningful way for younger ones. A perfect starting point for talking about the story of Christmas. Read it before setting up your own nativity!
*note: I’m linking this to Amazon but have no idea what the price is so high.
Stop the presses! Polar Express is a good Christmas book! I know you know that already, but I couldn’t keep this classic off the list. It’s special no matter how many times you read it. Have a jingle bell ready to gift to the young one you are reading it with– bonus points for pretending you can’t hear when they jingle it!
Jan Brett has illustrations that will have you finding something new each time you look at them! While these aren’t specifically “Christmas” related, gingerbread is certainly a holiday tradition. Look for lots of wonderful surprises hidden in the illustrations in this favorite book! Gingerbread Baby also comes in a board book format. Now, go bake some gingerbread as a tie-in and you’ll have a friend forever.
Yes, this won’t win any awards but for the infant set it is perfect. Touch Santa’s beard, look in the shiny ornaments, and more! Noodle loves to repeat all the adjectives, so after we read we look for things around the house with those same qualities.
By special request of my husband I am including this. It was his favorite as a child, and when we looked it up a few years ago found that the only copies that existed were considered “vintage” and ran about $200. It’s been republished so *someone* might be getting it in his stocking this year! Sounds like another excuse to go bake some cookies… with sprinkles, of course.
I know, it’s not a Christmas book. However, the toy collection of the main character rivals that of a major department store– and in a season of abundance you’ll soon see it ties in perfectly with the theme of “less is more“. Read it before doing a toy room clean-out and donating unused toys– a perfect chore before Santa comes for a visit!
Every year, this tree gets passed over by families looking for the perfect tree. As he grows taller and taller his hopes fade that he’ll be that tree for someone special. His woodland friends show him the meaning of friendship as they help him realize his dream! Make paper trees for your mantel or table in honor of this noble tree. Or, go out and decorate a tree outside with items from nature. Forces you to get creative!
What are your favorite holiday books? Any that you must read each year? Please share!
These books sound great. I’m going to see if the library has some of them
Nothing’s better than a good book for children.
@drama queens mum: we were just at the library, scouting out more books! I bet they do have them… love the library!
These are great selections! I haven’t seen A Wish to Be a Christmas Tree. I am going to add that to the collection. One that I love is Auntie Claus by Elise Primavera. I used to read it to my 4th graders. They must have liked it…every copy got permanently borrowed. I hope you and your family have a very Merry Christmas!
I googled Christmas book list and look what popped up. I should’ve remembered you had a list. I think some of these will be added to our advent book list. Thanks for the recommendations.

Artificial intelligence, like a subject of point, is an effective Remedy to this issue. Whilst artificial intelligence may well audio so far-off, chatbots are literally the item of this technological innovation.
Simply put, you do not need to setup an entire Site to host your items, but ShopLez makes it possible for your consumers to scan by your presents in a positive way, in addition to which they may make their buys straight from Messenger.
Viddiflash Messenger is really a smartphone messenger obtainable for Android and also other smartphones. Viddiflash uses your 3G, 4G or WiFi (when readily available) to stay linked to your family and friends. With this application you might keep the status current, update photographs, share photos with close friends and much more.
In its place, they have a tendency to ask inquiries to be able to sense much more self-assured when getting the products. If they can't solve their inquiry in a short time, they are more likely to cancel the acquisition.
What's more, ShopLez provides end users an opportunity to become a keep operator utilizing Fb Messenger only. To paraphrase, I can host and market my products and solutions via this System without the need to create an internet site.
We use possess and 3rd party cookies to boost our companies and also your practical experience. For those who go on searching, that you are thought of to have accepted such use. You may change your cookie preferences and obtain more information here.
Also, you can have your entire expense returned read more throughout a duration of thirty days if you are not content with what ShopLez provides. For that reason, you don’t have to worry about being cheated for the reason that your cash is essentially protected via the refund plan.
One of the most excellent feature in all of his products and solutions is that they're very easy to work, so You aren't likely to have difficulty working with them.

If the Facebook user who authorized that access revokes that access token, Omnilert can no longer post to your page and the system will log an error in the message history.
That can occur in several ways:
The Facebook user who granted the token changes his/her password.
Facebook resets access tokens or sessions due to an issue on their end. (For example, if they experience any form of a security breach at Facebook.)
To do so, simply remove and re-add the "app" as follows.
In Facebook, "Delete" the link to remove the link from your Facebook page. We'll be re-adding it next.
Now that the connection is removed, select your Facebook Page from the list and paste in your Omnilert ID Key copied from Step 2.
Then click Submit to complete the setup.
That's all you need to do. You're all set and future messages should post properly to Facebook when selected.

Random musings on everything from music, sports, and just general stupidity, from a person that probably thinks too much...
You know why I love football season? Besides actually having something to do during the day on Sundays, there is always some great drama. And we all know that the best drama involves large sweaty men all angry from steroids. Its basically like a giant soap opera for guys that also involves hitting, jock straps, and an oblong ball... Wait, did I just say that?
"I'll go on record as saying that Terrell Owens vs. Pac Man Jones is the most emotionally unstable one-on-one matchup in NFL history. I'd have loved to hear their pre-game conversation:
Sounds about right to me... Where else do you get such emotional complexity besides a middle school or a telenovela?
I mean, what is there not to love? Football has everything one could ask for. And just wait until this Sunday. I hear that Philly fans have been working on a chant for T.O. that involves the letters O and D....
Does anyone else wonder how long it took them to come up with that? Do you think there was an Eagle Fan forum composed of 20 fat, sweaty men that spent hours locked in a poorly ventilated, underground room debating what would be the most effective way to get to T.O.'s psyche? Was it similar to the signing of the Declaration of Independence? I bet it was probably a little more intense... Hopefully the strain of remembering all the different letters doesn't get to them and they start chanting "T.D." whenever Owens has the ball... (Yea, yea... I know it's easy to pick on Eagles fans)
Either way...I sure do miss the cleverness of Philly fans (Who have the best "cheer" in football) now that I don't live there anymore...

Parking Details: Open parking. Garages available for rent at $95/month and $105/month based on size. Carports available for $30/month.
Storage Details: Storage closets are 4 ft X 4 ft and $15/month.
When would you like to visit The Lodge at Lakeline Village?

For free version, install the latest version of the plugin from WordPress.org plugin repository.
For Premium, download the latest version from Relevanssi.com and either upload the zip file using the WordPress plugin installation or unzip it and upload the files with FTP in the /wp-content/plugins/ directory.
Relevanssi doesn’t come with a search widget. You can use the default WordPress search widget or any other method that generates a standards-compliant search form.
Enter your API key here to enable automatic updates and PDF indexing. API key can be found here on Relevanssi.com – it’s in the sidebar when you’re logged in.
If this option is enabled, Relevanssi will index author display names. Searching for an author will find all posts written by the author.
Enter an integer. Words shorter than this many characters are not indexed. The default value 3 is pretty good for English, for other languages other values may make sense.
By default Relevanssi removes some punctuation completely and replaces the rest with spaces. These fields give you control over the most common punctuation types: ampersands, hyphens, dashes, apostrophes and quotes. You can define the behaviour for all of these classes. The correct settings depend on what kind of content you want to search, but the default values make sense in most cases.
By default Relevanssi sends a link to the PDF to the reading service, which then downloads the PDF and reads it. However, if your files are behind a firewall, in an intranet or otherwise not accessible from the outside world, this is not going to work. In that case, check this option, and Relevanssi will upload the files directly.
If you have chosen AND as the default operator and the search finds no results, Relevanssi will perform an OR search with the same search terms. If you want to disable this, check this option.
The search term has to be either in the beginning or the end of the word, so searching for “ion” will find “caution” or “ionized”, but not “cautionary”.
If you want to emphasize something, don’t be afraid of using big numbers. If you want to make sure that posts with the search terms in titles come up in the search, slap a weight of 100 or 1000 for the titles. Subtlety is overrated.
If you’ve added extra weight for recent posts, this option determines which posts are considered recent.
If you check this option, custom post types which have exclude_from_search set to true will be excluded from the search. If the option is unchecked, Relevanssi won’t respect that setting and will search anything that is indexed.
On large sites searches can become heavy to process, particularly when there are common words involved. Relevanssi has to load every post that is found by any search term, and that can require lots of memory. In most cases, the user only cares about the few posts on the first page of search results.
If you want to restrict search to a particular category, you can do it here.
If you want to permanently exclude posts or pages from search, you can list their numeric IDs here. In Premium, you can also use a checkbox on the edit pages to exclude posts. That is easier to use and works in multisite searches, unlike this option.
If you enable logging, then you’ll find the searches logged and presented in Dashboard > User searches. Logs are necessary for the Did you mean function to work in the free version.
If you want to disable logging for particular users (like yourself), add a list of comma-separated numeric user IDs or login names here. “admin” is a good start, unless you’ve changed the main user login name.
The log database can get large. It is possible to automatically trim the logs. Enter a number here, and the logs older than that many days will be automatically removed.
Choose the length of the excerpt, either in words or in characters. Use words, it’s many times faster than using characters.
If you enable this option, Relevanssi highlights query terms in comment text, when you open the post from the search results page.
Most people need not uncheck this, but if you’re using for example Cyrillic alphabet and the highlighting doesn’t work properly, unchecking this option will help. By default the highlighting regexp is using word boundary markers, and those do not always work properly with non-ASCII characters.
If this is checked, Relevanssi will add extra information in the end of the search result excerpts.
Synonyms can be used to make search more powerful. If you have for example lots of abbreviations in your posts, but some posts use the non-abbreviated form, you can make those two synonyms for each other. Searching for one will find the other.
Stopwords are words that are not indexed. Large part of any text will consist of support words that are pointless for searching. Those meaningless words would still be the biggest part of the index, were they left in.
25 most common words in the index
This list shows the 25 most common words in your index. These words often make good stopword material, so if you want to, you can click the icon after the word to make it a stopword.
Hi, What can I do if my theme has no search functionality? http://themeforest.net/item/heal-responsive-medical-wordpress-theme/3127829?sso?WT.ac=search_item&WT.seg_1=search_item&WT.z_author=raybreaker
So, with your theme, we just use the default search widget? Or…do we add it somewhere? This could be made more clear in the documentation for us n00b users. You went in depth on everything else – but this.
Yes, just use the default search widget. It is not mentioned, because in most cases, you really have to do nothing – just use the search widget your theme already has, and most themes do have one.
It’s still incredibly confusing. Most plugins come with their own widget, so not mentioning it at all, anywhere, is not really helping 🙂
Hi Mikko, I just tried to install the free version but am not seeing any changes in the search widget. I have a premium theme from Solostream (Wp-Mysterious) and also I have checked the “Use Search for Admin” box. What do I need to do to get this to work?
The search result page stays the same.
However I can’t seem to get synonyms to work. I’m trying to get searches for prioritization to show results including prioritisation so entered:
I don’t know of such synonym library.
What do you mean “nothing happened”? Does your blog load the search page at all?
Looks like the search works on that site.
Did you use the search box in the header and it works?
Yeah, the search box worked just as expected, and the results seemed sensible: http://truliluli.ro/?s=sherlock
Hmmm, but do not work like here http://www.mindtheproduct.com or here http://www.filmsforaction.org/ for example … And i dont understand why
I can’t seem to get synonyms to work either. I’ve entered
But I still get 0 results if I search on “obits,” even though “obituaries” gets pages and pages of results.
OH I get it now. Yes, I was using AND search. In your previous answers I wasn’t realizing you meant as a total setting, not an individual query. Sorry about that! And thanks.
Hi Mikko. My client would like the search results to show the relevancy score,YET have the results displayed by DATE. I have selected this option in the settings: Default order for results: POST DATE. But it is still displaying by RELEVANCE. Any thoughts? can you help?
No idea, changing the setting should change the order immediately. Displaying the relevancy score should have nothing to do with that.
Bad_Self, read this post: http://www.relevanssi.com/knowledge-base/words-ampersands-cant-found/
I am trying to exclude some pages with “Exclude these posts/pages from search:”. But it doesn’t work. Pages continue appearing on searches. These pages would be “635, 298, 639, 379, 294, 668, 1782, 147, 2920, 2874”. Some solution?
Are you running the latest version of Relevanssi? Are you sure that your search results are coming from Relevanssi?
Versión 3.3.5. I am not sure at all, but I think It’s running via Relevanssi. Our web is tavad.com. Can u check?
I can’t even get to a search results page from the search.
Ok, now I’m seeing a search results page. Looks like Relevanssi, yes. As for the exclusion not working – I’m not sure. There shouldn’t be any reason for it not to work; I just tested it on my test blog, and the feature works just fine.
I haven’t got any posts of myself on it yet, just some demo posts. So you can try searching for ’email’ or ‘mobile’ to see how the results look like.
Hi! Is there any documentation on how to do this?
i would like to disable indexing of post excerpts. Is it possible?
It’s an option you need to enable in Relevanssi settings in the first place.
I did, but post excerpts are still indexed and this is a problem for me. Can you think of anything that went wrong?
Thanks, will fix this in the next version.
Thanks for the update, Mikko. I am now able to add stopwords like “aren’t” but still can’t remove the old ones, same error. Any suggestions? Perhaps manually remove them from the DB?
Yeah, manual is probably the best.
Installed relevanssi and can’t get the synonyms to work either. I have the default operator on “OR” so I can’t figure out what I’m doing wrong.
What are the extra steps? I’m using Forever Wood – is that a problem?
But the easiest thing is to just disable Relevanssi and see if the results change. Do that first.
Are those form entries posts in the WP database? If not, the answer is no.
No they aren’t posts – I’m new to this – so should I put the spreadsheet in a post somehow and just not show that post?
Explain what you’re trying to do, what should be found in searches and what not, and what is the exact nature of your problem. I don’t quite understand what is your problem now.
Looks like this is some bug in Relevanssi. I’ll have to investigate. I’ll try to fix this for the next version of Relevanssi.
Hey! I’m not sure if you fixed this yet. I have the same problem when searching for pages in the actual pages section. Relevanssi turned on for admin simply returns 0 results.
Yes, this was fixed. Are you using the latest version of Relevanssi?
Is there a way to prioritize pages over blog posts with the premium account?
If the Chinese text is in UTF-8, Relevanssi can read it and index it. However, Relevanssi simply does not work with Chinese or Japanese: these languages do not separate words in a way Relevanssi understands. Thus, even if you could index the contents, they wouldn’t make any sense. So unfortunately you have to forget about using Relevanssi with Chinese or Japanese.
Thank you for your excellent work and plugin.
Max, that is not a Relevanssi feature. It’s coming from your theme. You need to edit your theme search results template to fix the issue.
1. What is the latest version of PHP you are supporting?
Stephen, since you’re a Premium customer, go to the support page and send me a support request there, with more details of the problem. What exactly is the problem with the shortcode?
Ville, no, this is the first complaint I’ve heard. What kind of settings you have, and how big is your database? 502 usually means the search is too heavy for the server.
I’m happy debug a bit more in order to find out the real issue but at least I can enable the plugin again.
Happy to say that Relevanssi has nothing to do with this, this was a problem with the theme.
Omer, CDN should have no effect on this; caching may, I suppose. No idea how that would actually have an effect.
I was searching for its widget, when I guessed it could work with the existing search widget.
I was just wondering if it’s possible to make Relevanssi show results only when the beginning of the word matches the search term?

Nilfisk fixed central installations consist of a suction unit and a series of pipes which can be mounted anywhere in the workshop. Our central installations are extremely flexible: they can be used to clean production lines, floors and installations during or after the working cycle, or even non-stop.
Centralized vacuum system can be used to clean production lines, floors and installations during or ..

REFRIGERATION MECHANIC Employees in this job participate in and oversee the installation of refrigeration, air conditioning, chemicals, and electricity. Some jobs require an employee to some risk of sustaining illness and injury from the use of chemicals, high-pressure laboratory systems ... Visit Document
AMMONIA REFRIGERATION IN WAREHOUSES What is ammonia? Pure ammonia (NH3), also known as anhydrous ammonia, is a colorless gas, chemicals; how these chemicals can be detected (such as by monitoring devices, or by smell), what the employer is going to do to protect workers, including emergency ... Read Here
A company in Washington has agreed to pay $50,805 in federal penalties after releasing ammonia gas into the atmosphere. ... Read News
A scientist trying to find a cure for his wife's disease is kicked into a container of chemicals which results in his needing a refrigeration suit to survive ... View Video
Beverages, chemicals and petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, starch, sugar and biofuels. Refrigeration and air-conditioning consume a lot of energy. Therefore, it is essential that the technical solutions economize on the use of energy and fulfil their mission ... Doc Viewer
Electrical equipment, blunt instruments, chemicals, lubricants, or any other tools or equipment seen or implied in this video. Due to factors beyond the control of EricTheCarGuy, ... View Video
PROCEDURES FOR THE SAFE STORAGE OF CHEMICALS
Summary Of Ammonia Accidents In The United States To Which ...

Tiffany Mills Company has been commissioned to create new work for film, music, music video, and dance (professional companies, presenters, colleges and universities). These commissions have provided further opportunities to collaborate across mediums and continue to build new artistic relationships, while expanding the creative process. Following are select commission highlights.
“As the air moves back from you”
“It Only Happens Once…Yesterday and Tomorrow”
Nowhere to Go But Up (a.k.a. Happy End) (Film)

This is the first time in the history of Australian printmaking that a portfolio of limited edition prints has become available that focus on a unique aspect of Aboriginal culture. Fifteen senior Aboriginal artists have each created a thematic work on...» Read More
Aboriginal Art in February 5th February 2008 The term ‘aboriginal art’ is a tricky one. Separating indigenous Australian art from the religious practices and social customs with which it has been intertwined for at least 60 000 years is almost impossible—people, country,...» Read More
An article about the November 2007 exhibition at the National Museum of Australia featuring western desert Aboriginal artworks from the Papunya art movement. These artworks are commonly referred to as dot paintings. During the 1970s and early 1980s artists in the...» Read More
Africa: What Do These Zillionaires Do With All That Money?
An article in the Nation from Kenya about wealth in the 21st century. Quoted from the article: Back to Earth, in recent years Aboriginal art has become highly covetable. The Independent, however, reports that commercial success has come with controversy. Two-thirds of Aboriginal...» Read More
Luminaries showcases work by some of the most significant artists of the Central and Western Deserts, and introduces a few rising stars. The painters are diverse in their styles, but the impact of their art is universally profound. Luminaries suggests...» Read More
In 1984 three young men, all brothers, were part of a small group of nine Pintupi speakers who made their first contact with white Australia when they walked out from their traditional homelands in the Western Desert. They left remote...» Read More

We’re a locally-owned, technician-operated appliance repair service. Our techs are some of the best in the industry, and when you call us you’ll be connected directly with a local dryer repair technician in the Sacramento metro area.
Dryers are fairly simple machines, in that their basic function is limited to heating and tumbling. Still, with the increasingly complex electrical nature of modern appliances, they can be tricky to service, and we’re here to help. We can handle heating problems, damaged / misaligned drive belts, electrical issues, or anything else.
Appliance Repair Expert is licensed by the California Bureau of Electronic and Appliance Repair to perform appliance repair in the Bay Area. Our technicians are expertly trained, and their mission is to complete repairs in one trip whenever possible.
My electric dryer stopped working and with 3 young kids I need to be able to do laundry. I called Sunday evening and Ilgar was here first thing Monday morning. He had the problem diagnosed and fixed in under an hour! Would definitely recommend Ilgar’s service.
When you’re looking for affordable dryer repairs that last, you can count on our company. Our streamlined, no-frills service assures that we can complete repairs quickly and at a price that won’t break the bank. We look forward to working with you!

are just an extension of natural breeding, and have no risks different from naturally bred crops.
However, a large and growing body of scientifc research and on-the-ground experience indicate that GMOs fail to live
are laboratory-made and, once released, harmful GMOs cannot be recalled from the environment.
outdated technology. They present risks that we need not incur, given the availability of effective, scientifically proven,
energy-efficient and safe ways of meeting current and future global food needs.
documenting the limitations and risks of GM crops and the many safer, more effective alternatives available today.
Because of this, any health effects from a GM food would have to meet unusual conditions before they would be noticed. The health effects would have to:
• occur immediately after eating a food that was known to be GM (in spite of its not being labeled). This kind of response is called acute toxicity.
• cause symptoms that are completely different from common diseases. If GM foods caused a rise in common or slow-onset diseases like allergies or cancer, nobody would know what caused the rise.
• be dramatic and obvious to the naked eye. Nobody examines a person’s body tissues with a microscope for harm after they eat a GM food. But just this type of examination is needed to give early warning of problems such as pre-cancerous changes.
To detect important but more subtle effects on health, or effects that take time to appear (chronic effects), long-term controlled studies on larger populations are required.
Under current conditions, moderate or slow-onset health effects of GM foods could take decades to become known, just as it took decades for the damaging effects of trans-fats (another type of artificial food) to be recognized. ‘Slow poison’ effects from trans-fats have caused millions of premature deaths across the world6 .
Another reason why any harmful effects of GM foods will be slow to surface and less obvious is because, even in the United States, which has the longest history of GM crop consumption, GM foods account for only a small part of the US diet (maize is less than 15% and soya bean products are less than 5%).
Nevertheless, there are signs that all is not well with the US food supply. A report by the US Centers for Disease Control shows that food-related illnesses increased 2- to 10-fold in the years between 1994 (just before GM food was commercialized) and 19997 . Is there a link with GM food? No one knows, because studies on humans have not been done.
Although studies on humans have not been done, scientists are reporting a growing number of studies that examine the effects of GM foods on laboratory animals. These studies, summarized below, raise serious concerns regarding the safety of GM foods for humans as well as animals.
• Mice fed GM insecticide-producing maize over four generations showed a buildup of abnormal structural changes in various organs (liver, spleen, pancreas), major changes in the pattern of gene function in the gut, reflecting disturbances in the chemistry of this organ system (e.g. in cholesterol production, protein production and breakdown), and, most significantly, reduced fertility19
The following problems have been found:
• GM DNA in feed is taken up by the animal’s organs. Small amounts of GM DNA appear in the milk and meat that people eat24 25 26. The effects on the health of the animals and the people who eat them have not been researched.
Do Animal Feeding Studies Highlight Potential Health Problems For People?
But GM crops that caused ill effects in experimental animals have been approved for commercialization in many countries. This suggests that less rigorous standards are being used to evaluate the safety of GM crops than for new medicines.
In fact, in at least one country – the United States – safety assessment of GMOs is voluntary and not required by law, although, to date, all GMOs have undergone voluntary review. In virtually all countries, safety assessment is not scientifically rigorous. For instance, the animal feeding studies that GM crop developers routinely conduct to demonstrate the safety of their products are too short in duration and use too few subjects to reliably detect important harmful effects.27
While industry conducts less than rigorous studies on its own GM products, 28 it has, in parallel, systematically and persistently interfered with the ability of independent scientists to conduct more rigorous and incisive independent research on GMOs. Comparative and basic agronomic studies on GMOs, assessments of safety and composition, and assessments of environmental impact have all been restricted and suppressed by the biotechnology industry.29 30
The industry and its allies also use a range of public relations strategies to discredit and/or muzzle scientists who do publish research that is critical of GM crops.33
• In the late 1980s, a food supplement produced using GM bacteria was toxic41, initially killing 37 Americans and making more than 5,000 others seriously ill.
GM companies focus on producing cash crops for animal feed and biofuels for affluent countries, not food for people.
GM crops contribute to the expansion of industrial agriculture and the decline of the small farmer around the world. This is a serious development as there is abundant evidence that small farms are more efficient than large ones, producing more crops per hectare of land48 49 50 51 52.
In the study, Dr Gurian-Sherman distinguishes between intrinsic yield (also called potential yield), defined as the highest yield which can be achieved under ideal conditions, with operational yield, the yield achieved under normal field conditions when the farmer factors in crop reductions due to pests, drought, or other environmental stresses.
The author concludes: “commercial GE crops have made no inroads so far into raising the intrinsic or potential yield of any crop. By contrast, traditional breeding has been spectacularly successful in this regard; it can be solely credited with the intrinsic yield increases in the United States and other parts of the world that characterized the agriculture of the twentieth century.”59
“If we are going to make headway in combating hunger due to overpopulation and climate change, we will need to increase crop yields,” says Dr Gurian-Sherman. “Traditional breeding outperforms genetic engineering hands down.”61
If GM cannot improve intrinsic (potential) yield even in the affluent United States, where high-input, irrigated, heavily subsidized farming is the norm, it would seem irresponsible to assume that it would improve yields in the developing world, where increased food production is most needed. Initiatives promoting GM crops for the developing world are experimental and appear to be founded on expectations that are not consistent with data obtained in the West.
In the West, crop failure is often underwritten by governments, which bail out farmers with compensation. Such support systems are rare in the developing world. There, farmers may literally bet their farms and their entire livelihoods on a crop. Failure can have severe consequences.
Industrial agriculture is a major contributor to global warming, producing up to 20 per cent of greenhouse gas emissions, and some methods of increasing yield can exacerbate this negative impact. For example, crops that achieve higher intrinsic yield often need more fossil fuel based nitrogen fertilizer, some of which is converted by soil microbes into nitrous oxide, a greenhouse gas nearly 300 times more potent than carbon dioxide. Minimizing global agriculture’s future climate impact will require investment in systems of agriculture less dependent on industrial fertilizers and agroecological methods of improving soil water-holding capacity and resilience.
GM seeds are created by agrochemical companies and are heavily dependent on costly external inputs such as synthetic fertilizer, herbicides, and pesticides. It would seem risky to promote such crops in the face of climate change.
According to some analysts, peak oil, when the maximum rate of global petroleum extraction is reached, has already arrived. This will have drastic effects on the type of agriculture we practice. GM crops are designed to be used with synthetic herbicides and fertilizers. But synthetic pesticides are made from oil and synthetic fertilizer from natural gas. Both these fossil fuels are running out fast, as are phosphates, a major ingredient of synthetic fertilizers.
Farming based on the current US GM and chemical model that depends on these fossil fuel-based inputs will become increasingly expensive and unsustainable. The statistics tell the story:
• Approximately 7.2 quads of fossil energy are consumed in the production of crops and livestock in the U.S. each year.74 75
• Approximately 8 million kcal/ha are required to produce an average corn crop and other similar crops.76
• Two-thirds of the energy used in crop production is for fertilizers and mechanization.77
Proven technologies that can reduce the amount of fossil energy used in farming include reducing fertilizer applications, selecting farm machinery appropriate for each task, managing soil for conservation, limiting irrigation, and organic farming techniques.78
Climate change brings sudden, extreme, and unpredictable changes in weather. If we are to survive, the crop base needs to be as flexible, resilient and diverse as possible. GM technology offers just the opposite – a narrowing of crop diversity and an inflexible technology that requires years and millions of dollars in investment for each new variety.
Each GM crop is tailor-made to fit a particular niche. With climate change, no one knows what kind of niches will exist and where. The best way to insure against the destructive effects of climate change is to plant a wide variety of highperforming crops that are genetically diverse.
GM companies have patented plant genes that they believe are involved in tolerance to drought, heat, flooding, and salinity – but have not succeeded in using these genes to produce a single new crop with these properties. This is because these functions are highly complex and involve many different genes working together in a precisely regulated way. It is beyond existing GM technology to engineer crops with these sophisticated, delicately regulated gene networks for improved tolerance traits.
Conventional natural cross-breeding, which works holistically, is much better adapted to achieving this aim, using the many varieties of virtually every common crop that tolerate drought, heat, flooding, and salinity.
In addition, advances in plant breeding have been made using marker-assisted selection (MAS), a largely uncontroversial branch of biotechnology that can speed up the natural breeding process by identifying important genes. MAS does not involve the risks and uncertainties of genetic engineering.
The controversies that exist around MAS relate to gene patenting issues. It is important for developing countries to consider the implications of patent ownership relating to such crops.
If it is accepted that niche speciality crops may be useful in helping adaptation to climate change, there are better ways of creating them than genetic engineering. Conventional breeding and marker-assisted selection have produced many advances in breeding speciality crops, though these have garnered only a fraction of the publicity given to often speculative claims of GM miracles.
Both claims require further analysis.
All of these chemicals are toxic and a threat to both the farmers who apply them and the people and livestock that eat the produce. This is the case even for Roundup, which has been shown to have a range of damaging cellular effects indicating toxicity at levels similar to those found on crops engineered to be resistant to the herbicide90.
In China and India, Bt cotton was initially effective in suppressing the boll weevil. But secondary pests, especially mirids and mealy bugs, that are highly resistant to Bt toxin, soon took its place. The farmers suffered massive crop losses and had to apply costly pesticides, wiping out their profit margins100 101 102 103. Such developments are likely to be more damaging to farmers in developing countries, who cannot afford expensive inputs.
In Argentina, the massive conversion of agriculture to GM soya production has had disastrous effects on rural social and economic structures. It has damaged food security and caused a range of environmental problems, including the spread of herbicide-resistant weeds, soil depletion, and increased pests and diseases107 108.
This not only has significant agroecological effects, but also serious economic effects, damaging the ability of organic farmers to receive premiums, and blocking export markets to countries that have strict regulations regarding GM contamination.
Here are a few examples of GM contamination incidents:
• In 2007 alone, there were 39 new instances of GM contamination in 23 countries, and 216 incidents have been reported since 2005122.
Many authoritative sources, including the IAASTD report on the future of agriculture123, have found that GM crops have little to offer global agriculture and the challenges of poverty, hunger and climate change, because better alternatives are available. These go by many names, including integrated pest management (IPM), organic, sustainable, low-input, non-chemical pest management (NPM) and agroecological farming, but extend beyond the boundaries of any particular category. Projects employing these sustainable strategies in the developing world have produced dramatic increases in yields and food security124 125 126 127 128 129.
• Sustainable, low-input, energy-saving practices that conserve and build soil, conserve water, and enhance natural pest resistance and resilience in crops
• Innovative farming methods that minimize or eliminate costly chemical pesticides and fertilizers
• Use of thousands of traditional varieties of each major food crop, which are naturally adapted to stresses such as drought, heat, harsh weather conditions, flooding, salinity, poor soil, and pests and diseases130
There seems little reason to gamble with the livelihoods of poor farmers by persuading them to grow experimental GM crops when tried-and-tested, inexpensive methods of increasing food production are readily available. Several recent studies have shown that low-input methods such as organic can dramatically improve yields in African countries, along with other benefits. Such methods have the advantage of being knowledge-based rather than costly input-based. As a result they are more accessible to poor farmers than the more expensive technologies (which often have not helped in the past).
Poverty is a major contributory factor to food insecurity. According to the 2008 United Nations report, “Organic Agriculture and Food Security in Africa”, organic farming has a positive impact on poverty in a variety of ways. Farmers benefit from:
• cash savings, as organic farming does not require costly pesticides and fertilizers;
• premium prices for certified organic produce, obtained primarily in Africa for export but also for domestic markets; and
• added value to organic products through processing activities.
These findings are backed up by studies from Asia and Latin America that concluded that organic farming can reduce poverty in an environmentally friendly way.135
A recent study found that certified organic farms involved in production for export were significantly more profitable than those involved in conventional production (in terms of net farm income earnings).136 Of these cases, 87 per cent showed increases in farmer and household incomes as a result of becoming organic, which contributed to reducing poverty levels and to increasing regional food security.
The transgenes used in creating GM crops are patented and owned by biotech companies. In the United States and Canada, companies have launched lawsuits against farmers whose crops were alleged to contain a company’s patented GM genes. Farmers’ claims that they have not intentionally planted GM crops have proved no defense in court against large fines being imposed.
In contrast, low-input and organic farming methods do not involve patented technologies. Control of food production remains in the hands of farmers, keeping farmer skills alive and favoring food security.
GM crop technologies do not offer significant benefits. On the contrary, they present risks to human and animal health, the environment, farmers, food security, and export markets. There is no convincing reason to take such risks with the livelihoods of farmers when proven successful and widely acceptable alternatives are readily and cheaply available. These alternatives will maintain the independence of the food supply from foreign multinational control and offer the best insurance against the challenges of climate change.
7. Food related illness and death in the United States. Mead P.S. et al.
Nutrition, US Food and Drug Administration, 4 September 2002.
16. New analysis of a rat feeding study with a genetically modified
20. A long-term study on female mice fed on a genetically modified
22. A three-year longitudinal study on the effects of a diet
28. How Subchronic and Chronic Health Effects can be Neglected
29. Under wraps – Are the crop industry’s strong-arm tactics and
31. The Genetic Engineering of Food and the Failure of Science –
32. The Genetic Engineering of Food and the Failure of Science
– Part 2: Academic Capitalism and the Loss of Scientific Integrity.
47. Soaring Food Prices: Facts, Perspectives, Impacts and Actions
54. Evidence of the Magnitude and Consequences of the Roundup
58. International Assessment of Agricultural Knowledge, Science and
Technology for Development: Global Summary for Decision Makers
65. Genetically modified crops and sustainable poverty alleviation
in sub-Saharan Africa: An assessment of current evidence. Aaron
75. U.S. energy conservation and efficiency: Benefits and costs.
S. Proceedings of the International Conference on Organic
82. Glyphosate-Resistant Weeds: Current Status and Future
86. Genetically Engineered Crops and Pesticide Use in the United
Technical Paper Number 7, October 2004. http://www.biotech-info.
115. The impact of transgenic plants on natural enemies: a critical
119. The United States District Court for the Northern District
Science and Technology for Development: Global Summary
127. Organic Agriculture and Food Security in Africa. United
Programme (UNEP) and United Nations Conference on Trade and
134. “Organic Agriculture and Food Security in Africa”. Foreword by
No. 7; Organic Agriculture: A Trade and Sustainable Development

Among Tennessee cities, Chattanooga has always been overshadowed by its bigger brothers, Nashville and Memphis. It’s smaller, rough around the edges, and, of course, lacks the same music industry cachét as its siblings. It also didn’t help that the EPA once dubbed it “the dirtiest city in America” — a place where the air was so thick with pollutants that residents had to drive with their headlights on during the day just to see. It took decades for the city to shake that charming moniker.
Fast-forward to today and Chattanooga has quietly come into its own as a hip, progressive, ultra-green destination. For adventure-lovers in particular, it’s an ideal home base with access to some of the country’s best hiking, biking, paddling, and more. The town also boasts an easily walkable, bustling downtown core full of gastropubs, craft beer bars, year-round concerts and events, and direct access to the Tennessee River. Whether you’re planning to relocate or just spend a weekend in Chattanooga, Tennessee, here are our favorite places to eat, play, and stay.
Eastern Tennessee is home to some of the best outdoor adventure opportunities in the country. There are more than 120 miles of single-track mountain biking within 10 miles of downtown. The rugged sandstone cliffs that dot the surrounding landscape have provided climbers with an endless variety of routes for at least three decades. The nearby Ocoee River offers extreme whitewater rafting, while the Tennessee River (which winds through the city) hosts calmer water-based pursuits like kayaking and paddle boarding. The city even hosts annual Ironman and half-Ironman triathlon events. Suffice to say, there’s no shortage of adventurous things to do in and around Chattanooga.
Chattanooga has long been a favorite spot for rock climbers and lovers of bouldering. The sandstone hills, mountains, and valleys that surround the city provide endless opportunities. Climbers can frequently be found scaling the rock faces that line the downtown portion of the Tennessee River. High Point Climbing and Fitness is also home to 30,000 square feet of climbing space, making it one of the largest urban rock walls in the country. The towering, four-story structure gives visitors the opportunity to climb indoors or scale the exterior wall, which offers excellent downtown views.
For Those Looking to Get Higher
Tennessee didn’t invent hang-gliding, but it did popularize the sport in the modern form that we know today. Less than 45 minutes from downtown, Lookout Mountain Flight Park is the country’s premier hang-gliding school. First-timers can hop on a 20-minute, introductory tandem flight with a certified instructor. Even those without experience will have the opportunity to pilot their craft for a few climbs and dives. For those looking to jump head-first into the sport, the park also offers full Federal Aviation Administration certification.
Ruby Falls is one of, if not the most, hyped tourist attraction in Chattanooga. On paper, it sounds amazing — a stunning, 150-foot waterfall hidden 1,120 feet underground at the end of a web of tunnels and caverns. Don’t fall for the trap. To be sure, it’s a sight to behold. But there’s a reason many local ‘Noogans never bother to see it for themselves. It’s crowded and expensive, and visitors are allowed only a few brief minutes at the falls before being ushered back the way they came on a too-long tour.
The Chattanoogan food and beverage scene has exploded in recent years. While it may lack the same breadth of much larger cities (the downtown core stretches for only about 16 blocks), the restaurants and bars in that tiny space are crushing it. Urban Stack Burger Lounge offers the city’s best “killer burgers and manly drinks” in the vintage-cool, 150-year-old Southern Railway Baggage Building. The outside patio is a chill spot to sip an Old Fashioned and enjoy a Big Mike burger with two all-beef patties and three buns.
To round out a late night of boozing in the city, make your last stop the Pickle Barrel. Situated in an iconic flatiron building, it’s one of the city’s diviest dive bars, wildly popular with college kids and anyone with more beer money than sense. Grab a dirt-cheap draft and a basket of the famous fried pickles and head to the tiny rooftop deck for great people-watching.
Downtown Chattanooga’s leisure travel infrastructure is, in many ways, still in its infancy. The good news is that visitors won’t need to fight the thick crowds of tourists found in other, more popular vacation destinations. The downside is that the number of boutique accommodations is limited. Airbnb is a solid, inexpensive bet, and there are hundreds of convenient options in and around the city center.
Chattanooga experiences four distinct seasons, but not in the same extreme way that, say, New England does. Fall is, no doubt, the best time to go. The sticky heat of the summer cools off and daily highs in the 80s feel more manageable. Plus, the leaves begin to turn and the throngs of fellow visitors thin out. Autumn is often the least crowded, prettiest, and cheapest time to visit.
Chattanooga’s location on the banks of the Tennessee River is ideal for year-round events, including concerts, races, and art shows. Here are the best happenings:
April: The 4 Bridges Arts Festival is the city’s largest fine art-centric event with more than 50,000 square feet of pavilion space. For almost twenty years, the show has brought world-class artwork in an array of mediums to Chattanooga. A total of $15,000 in award money is given out, and attendees are welcome to purchase their favorite works. There is, of course, plenty of live music, food, and adult beverages.
May: The city’s craft beer history has exploded in recent years. The annual, one-day Chattabrewga is dedicated to special releases and rare brews from across the country. Tickets include access to unlimited samplings, food, and live music.
June: Spread across a good chunk of the Tennessee River, Riverbend Festival is the closest thing Chattanooga has to a local Woodstock. The lineup changes each year, but 2017 featured almost 100 artists across five stages with eight days of performances. For more than three decades, it has drawn some of the biggest musicians, such as Boz Scaggs, Ludacris, George Thorogood, and Toby Keith. There are plenty of vendors, food tastings, and beer throughout the event, which culminates in a fireworks finale on the last day. The roughly $40 ticket is a bargain since it includes admission to every performance for the entire week-long event.

A TRUSTED golf club bookkeeper who stole £43,000 has been ordered to pay back her ill-gotten gains.
And the 57-year-old has appeared again before a judge for a confiscation order under the proceeds of crime act.
The court was told the realisable assets were £29,156.26, which she was ordered to pay back by Judge Michael Cartlidge within six months.
Vice President George Ryder said: “She has not stolen from the club but from each member and that is the thing to stress.
“Many of them regarded Sue as a personal friend.
“The reaction was one of absolute shock when all of this began to come out. It was a serious breach of trust over a prolonged period of time.”
“In any small business losing £43,000 would have an adverse effect,” he said.
“It has been a severe blow to our development plans.”
Cameron began her role at the club almost six years ago after taking early retirement from Barclays Bank.
She already had a mountain of credit card debt, the court heard.
And after working without fault for more than two years, Cameron began helping herself to club cash on a monthly basis.
But she told police cash had also gone on living expenses and a holiday, the court heard.
Jailing her last year, Recorder Andrew Haslam said: “You knew this offence was committed against a backdrop of you being trusted to look after that money and you stole it on a monthly basis for some two-and-a-half years.
“I have been invited on your behalf to suspend the sentence of imprisonment that must be inevitable for an offence as serious as this but I’m afraid I am not able to do that.”
Gavin Doig, mitigating, said Cameron had already been punished by losing her good name and was now likely to lose her home under a Proceeds of Crime Inquiry. “We have all been able to see and hear in court the shame and remorse she feels,” Mr Doig said.

Ethyl Corporation takes a very proactive approach toward characterizing and managing risks associated with the company’s products. This process consists of the following steps as illustrated by this flow schematic, and explained below:
The hazard classification for all our products is published on the MSDSs which are supplied to all customers irrespective of whether or not the product is classified as hazardous.
Based on this process, we assign appropriate exposure ratings for our products.
Once a product is characterized, a specific risk management strategy for the product is developed commensurate with that risk.
Re-evaluation of a product’s risk characterization and management could be done in a number of scenarios:
• Availability of new information through research, analytical or other sources

We will provide the best medical service from the patient’s point of view.
We seek to respect human rights, protect privacy, and comply with laws and regulations.
We strive for daily education, in order to become more trustworthy medical personnel.
We aim to be a safe and secure new hospital that is loved and trusted by the community.
We will conduct sound management in order to continually realize the above six goals.
Note: Reception hours may vary depending on the department.
Get off the subway at Awaza Station and take exit ⑦, ⑧ or ⑩
5 minutes on foot (elevators at exits ③ and ⑤)
4 minutes on foot from the “Kawaguchi Icchome” bus stop on Lines 88 and 90
8 minutes on foot from the “Okazakibashi” bus stop on Line 55

This is the real power of DNA: the topic of whether central European farmers were the result of demic diffusion from the southeast or indigenous hunter-gatherers who adopted the agricultural economy has been endlessly debated in archaeological circles.
We are finally in a position to give an answer to the question, and the answer is in favor of the diffusionist camp and against the idea of acculturation by local hunter-gatherers. Surprisingly, modern Central Europeans do not appear to be a simple hunter-gatherer/farmer mix, suggesting that even later events (post-Neolithic) have shaped their genetic diversity.
The finding is based on analysis of genetic material in the skeletal remains of ancient hunter-gatherers and early farmers found in Germany, Lithuania, Poland, and Russia—though farming is thought to have reached areas as far west as western France during the period of rapid expansion, about 7,500 years ago.
The study goes against a long-standing idea that Europe's first farmers were former hunter-gatherer populations that had settled the region after the last ice age, about 10,000 years ago.
Perhaps, the thinking went, the hunter-gatherers had observed farming practices during their travels or had learned from neighbors.
Instead, the researchers found, the hunter-gatherers and the early farmers remained segregated, according to the study, to be published tomorrow in the journal Science.
For more than a century archaeologists, anthropologists, linguists, and more recently, geneticists, have argued about who the ancestors of Europeans living today were. We know that people lived in Europe before and after the last big ice age and managed to survive by hunting and gathering. We also know that farming spread into Europe from the Near East over the last 9,000 years, thereby increasing the amount of food that can be produced by as much as 100-fold. But the extent to which modern Europeans are descended from either of those two groups has eluded scientists despite many attempts to answer this question.
"Our analysis shows that there is no direct continuity between hunter-gatherers and farmers in Central Europe," says Prof Joachim Burger. "As the hunter-gatherers were there first, the farmers must have immigrated into the area."
The study identifies the Carpathian Basin as the origin for early Central European farmers. "It seems that farmers of the Linearbandkeramik culture immigrated from what is modern day Hungary around 7,500 years ago into Central Europe, initially without mixing with local hunter gatherers," says Barbara Bramanti, first author of the study. "This is surprising, because there were cultural contacts between the locals and the immigrants, but, it appears, no genetic exchange of women."
The new study confirms what Joachim Burger´s team showed in 2005; that the first farmers were not the direct ancestors of modern European. Burger says "We are still searching for those remaining components of modern European ancestry. European hunter-gatherers and early farmers alone are not enough. But new ancient DNA data from later periods in European prehistory may shed also light on this in the future."
A new study published by Barbara Bramanti and colleagues in Science Express on September 4, 2009, supports what some scholars have suspected all along—that the LBK likely were an in-migration of people from the Balkans, and that they did not, initially anyway, do much mixing at all with the earlier inhabitants of Europe.
In the Skipping Stone model, farmers move out in search of new territories before they have started to blend with the local foragers; the genetic impact of the initiators of the movement is preserved.
What we do know is this: first farmers were not local foragers who abandoned the old ways for the new ones. Amalgamation between farmer and forager did not happen quickly as the farming economy spread. Finally it did happen, of course, and either because (i) there were few foragers in the mix, or (ii) their mtDNA was selected against, modern central Europeans have very little mitochondrial descent from the earliest European populations.
MtDNA is fickle and any conclusions must be taken with a grain of salt. Even today, I could show you small regions within Europe with predominantly a single MtDNA sub-sub-group. That's just how local regions and their inhabitants work...
Clearly, there is nothing spectacular about the results. The farmer's MtDNA is largely of the same type that is widely spread within Europe, today (50% H, 11% J, 10% T, sizable K and T).
Similarly, the observed "hunter-gatherer" MtDNA - as expected - only provides a restricted snapshot of the known distributions - which are all not only old, but still make up 11% (U5) and 10% (T) of modern Europeans.
Even today, I could show you small regions within Europe with predominantly a single MtDNA sub-sub-group. That's just how local regions and their inhabitants work...
So, yes, the evidence for haplogroup U in pre-Neolithic populations is probably as good as it can get.
but still make up 11% (U5) and 10% (T) of modern Europeans.
"We are cautious of interpreting this as a signature of
local admixture (17), particularly as the hunter-gatherer and
to 5-7% in most core European areas, and rising to 10-20% in
You know very well that arguing a few percentages over seven millennia is futile.
You have to look at the origin and major inhabited regions and opportunities for huge multiplication of local groups.
An ~8-fold reduction in the frequency of the haplogroups prevalent in hunter-gatherers is not "a few percentages". The modern frequencies are well known and the ancient ones are reasonably estimated from a pre-Neolithic sample that is varied both geographically and temporally.
I can’t remember details, but a while ago I read an article on Neolithic violence and tensions between farming communities and hunter-gatherers in Central Europe. Documented by individuals that showed signs of force that lead to death.
What I mean is that the ancient hunter-gatherer MtDNA has survived quite well - both the observed one (which excludes smaller percentage haplogroups because of the small sample size), and the inferred one (much of today's MtDNA in Europe is thought to be ancient European, present at least during post-LGM expansion, and likely 10,000 or more years before then). Sure, U* was reduced from 80% or something to 15% - 20%, those things happen, and it apparently was not farmer MtDNA that makes up for the difference, but mostly other old European MtDNA.
For those reasons, what we can't deduce is this:
What we do know is this: first farmers were not local foragers who abandoned the old ways for the new ones.
"Shepherds were much more likely to be Hunter-Gatherers than were the farmers".
This study does constitute pretty good evidence in favor of a population expansion instead of cultural transmission, but it hasn't settled the matter. Dienekes talks about an 8-fold reduction in U frequency, but there's a similar problem with the farmer mtdna. Their main haplogroup, N1a, has suffered a 25-fold reduction. And today the rate of H in Europe is 50%, while the study found it at only 16% in the farmers, so that's another big change, a 3-fold increase.
And also K has been halved, but farmer had multiplaied it for 4. But we are always playing at home.
The farming communities may have been violent. Where in the world now is violence not found? Some cases of people who had their heads bashed in, in Neolithic times do not make it the rule for all those previous inhabitants of Europe. In Malta there were no weapons found archeologically until after the coming of Bronze Age people and there are signs there that the island was inhabited by Neolithic peoples 7 Kya. Oetzi, the Alpine Iron Age man, himself died of the results of an arrow wound.
If we had found L, M or D in ancient Europeans, we could think that there is no flow, but founding H, U, K, etc., sometimes of a different line than today, we can think that we are always playing at home. Probably modern haplogroups continue some haplogroups that were rare and that have survived, and other then more diffused are extinct, but certainly we are the descendants of those Europeans.
K 224c/311c is mine, and probably K 224c/258g/311c has become extinct or has had a back mutation, what does it matter? We are always playing at home.
Not only. Perhaps the same process was involved in the replacement of Neanderthals.
Pre-Columbian North America may be another good example. Farmers and hunter-gatherers lived side-by-side; sometimes peacefully, sometimes not. AFAIK there is no documentation that either group was above-average, particularly violent before the Europeans made them battle each other.
What may be important is that even during the LBK "Blitz," things would have appeared somewhat slow on a generational time frame. The hunter-gatherers saw a couple more settlements in their region during their lifetime, of people who seemed to compete little for the wild life, but brought with them the opportunity to barter (say, grains, ceramic vessels, string/rope, clothing, hand-crafted vanity items vs. stones, axes, furs, collected berries and nuts, other, different hand-crafted vanity items on the other side, and also brought with them exotic, pretty women.
On the flip side, the MtDNA seems to support theories that claim early farmers were (at least partially) matriarchal, with farming women very protective of their farming knowledge, rights, standing, and their being the sole source of children.
It may have been a strong taboo for a farmer's boy to bring home a "dirty, poor, uneducated tom-boy girl from the forest." If they eloped, her MtDNA would have remained with the hunter-gatherers.
Also, at least during the first several generations of expansion, it is likely that the hunter-gatherers would have had the better weapons and better training/use of weapons. I don't see (initially) the aggressive spread of y-DNA that Europeans later documented throughout the world, and the related rapid inclusion of "native" MtDNA from multiple "illegitimate" children of mistresses. The farmers would not have been dominant like that, until they far outnumbered the hunter-gatherers (500 to 2,000 years later, depending on location).
I am not convinced by the conclusions of this paper. Wolfgang Haaks paper shows Haplogroup U, H and K living together in the same high density community in Germany during the late neolithic (4000-5000 years). H was in the minority.
We know that mobile hunter gathers had spaced children to cope with the lifestyle. A child had to be old enough to survive before the mother could have another child.
We also know that the early sedentary farmers had no such constraints and bred like rabbits.
It has been suggested that there is a genetic and/or dietary component to this difference.
One possible explanation for the high percentage of Haplogroup H in Europe is that this Haplogroup is simply better able to expand rapidly when the opportunity arises.

Just a hypothetical question. How absolutely bad would a BMW E28 M5 have to be to pass up a chance to buy one in the $8k range?
For me, rust is the deal breaker on a car. Once it starts, it seems to be in lots of places, many of which are not easily spotted and it never sleeps.
Engine . . . I think that's a pretty exotic engine, can't be cheap to rebuild.
It would probably be a lot cheaper to buy a nice one. Unless a car is mega-valuable, (like certain early 911s and 356s), the math never works out for a restoration.
This is coming from someone who has done a bit of restoring and will do some more. You have to choose your projects very carefully or you can wind up dead w a half-finished car in your barn.
Lol, yes it is. However small chance the engine is salvageable.
Put some $$ aside for electrics and rust, if still within the budget ...do it! You'll love it.
I knew it would happen, just not so soon...........
Yes! I actually had an ‘87 635csi and I still have an 88 535is along with an e28 parts car. To be honest, I prefer the e28 as far as drivability is concerned. With e28 M5 values rapidly approaching e30 M3 money I can’t really see how I can go wrong here. I guess the ‘74 911 project is going to be on the back burner for a while longer.
Rust or not if you can make it run it would be a fun daily driver. I have a 1987 535i for a toy but a m5 would be more fun.
e28s in general and M5s in particular have seen a pretty dramatic upswing in value over the last couple of years.
I bought my M5 10 years ago when prices were still 'reasonable' and I wouldn't take less than $50k today.
That's an absolutely bananas price for that 535i. I don't care how clean it is.

PORT ORCHARD — A 22-year-old Bremerton man who pleaded guilty to raping an intoxicated woman he drove home from a bar was sentenced Monday to five years in prison.
While he was being investigated for that sexual assault, he was charged with second-degree rape for sexually assaulting another woman after a passerby reported a violent assault in the parking lot at Linder Field off Silverdale Way.
The woman told a Kitsap County Sheriff’s Office investigator that she forced him off of her, left the room and came back into the room and confronted Hulett. He introduced himself, shook her hand and explained that he had driven her car and brought her to his house, according to documents.
When interviewed by an investigator, Hulett denied having sex with the woman. Investigators wrote they found the woman’s bra during a search of his room.
The woman told a state Department of Corrections interviewer that she was satisfied with the five-year sentence and that she was in treatment.
Hulett told the interviewer he was innocent, that he had tried to explain his side to no avail and that he took the plea deal to avoid a potentially longer sentence if he was convicted at trial.
When he is released from prison, Hulett will be required to register as a sex offender.

Subject: Tell the world about yourself! Fri Sep 04, 2009 9:51 pm
I'll be posting mine soon enough, I just wanted to give you all a chance to start.
I stole this CS from Hiratsu, who stole it from someone else. The link to the original is at the bottom.
2. Make sure any information that could be used to identify you is altered slightly, for security reasons. I am not responsible for anyone being stalked because they gave someone their real uncle's name.
3. Either PM it to the handful of people you want to let know more about you, or post it here for us all!
4. If it's too long for one post, divide it into a few. I don't mind and I think the mods will be okay with it... I'll ask them soon.
5. Suggest new questions to put into the survey so that others can find out even more about the people they hang out with online!
6. Be honest, both with us and with yourself. This is so that people will know the real you, to some degree. You don't have to fill it ALL out, but I'll have a moderator delete your post if I catch someone lying. If you don't like the answer you'd have to give, leave it blank.
7. Enjoy yourself! This is letting other people in on who you are. If they can't accept who you are, that's their problem. This is something that few nerds/geeks/webcrawlers ever actually get to do. Real people will know the real you! *Is very socially deprived, and will mention that in his survey*
8. Come back every now and then to update your old CS. Sometimes things change, and we want to hear about it! Besides, the survey will probably get longer so you'll be missing out on new stuff if you don't check back.
[b]4. How is your health? Are you fit or out of shape? Any illnesses or conditions? Any physical disabilities? [/b]
[b]6. How attractive are you physically? How do you perceive yourself in the mirror? [/b]
[b]8. Describe your hair: color, texture, style. [/b]
[b]9. What color are your eyes? [/b]
[b]10. Do you have any other noteworthy features? [/b]
[b]13. Do your clothes fit well? Do you feel and look comfortable in them? [/b]
[b]14. Does you dress the same on the job as you does in your free time? If not, what are the differences? [/b]
[b]15. You knew it was coming: Boxers, briefs or commando? [/b]
[b]1. What does your voice sound like? High-pitched, deep, hoarse? [/b]
[b]3. Do you have a distinct accent or dialect? Any individual quirks of pronunciation? Any, like, you know, verbal tics? [/b]
[b]4. What language/s do you speak, and with how much fluency? [/b]
[b]5. Do you switch languages or dialects in certain situations? [/b]
[b]6. Are you a good impromptu speaker, or do you have to think about your words? [/b]
[b]2. Do you think on your feet, or do you need time to deliberate? [/b]
[b]4. What kind of education have you had? [/b]
[b]5. What are your areas of expertise? What, if anything, are you interested in learning more about? [/b]
[b]7. Describe your temperament. Are you even-tempered or do you have mood swings? Cheerful or melancholy? Laid-back or driven? [/b]
[b]8. How do you respond to new people or situations? Are you suspicious, relaxed, timid, enthusiastic? [/b]
[b]9. Are you more likely to act, or to react? [/b]
[b]10. Which is your default: fight or flight? [/b]
[b]12. Do you have any diagnosable mental disorders? If yes, how do you deal with them? [/b]
[b]13. What moments in your life have defined you as a person? [/b]
[b]15. What are your hopes or aspirations? [/b]
[b]16. What is something you don't want a family member or a friend to find out about you? [/b]
[b]1. Describe your relationship with your parents. [/b]
[b]2. Do you have any siblings? What is/was that relationship like? [/b]
[b]4. Are there other, unrelated people whom you consider part of your family? What are your relationships with them? [/b]
[b]5. Who is/was your best friend? How did you meet? [/b]
[b]6. Do you have other close friends? [/b]
[b]7. Do you make friends easily, or do you have trouble getting along with people? [/b]
[b]8. Which do you consider more important: family or friends? [/b]
[b]9. Are you single, married, divorced, widowed? Have you been married more than once? [/b]
[b]10. Are you currently in a romantic relationship with someone other than a spouse? [/b]
[b]12. What do you look for in a romantic partner? [/b]
[b]14. Do you have any rivals or enemies? [/b]
[b]15. What is your sexual orientation? Where do you fall on the [url=http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kinsey_scale]Kinsey scale[/url]?[/b]
[b]16. How do you feel about sex? How important is it to you? [/b]
[b]1. Do you know your astrological ([url=http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_astrology]zodiac[/url] sign? How well do you fit the type?[/b]
[b]2. Is your religious, spiritual, both, or neither? How important are these elements in your life?[/b]
[b]3. Do you have a personal code of morals or ethics? If so, how did that begin? What would it take to compromise it? [/b]
[b]1. What is your financial situation? Are you rich, poor, comfortable, in debt? [/b]
[b]2. What is your social status? Has this changed over time, and if so, how has the change affected you? [/b]
[b]3. Where do you live? House, apartment, trailer? Is your home your castle or just a place to crash? What condition is it in? Do you share it with others?[/b]
[b]4. Besides the basic necessities, what do you spend your money on? [/b]
[b]6. What are your interests or hobbies? How do you spend your free time? [/b]
[b]7. What are your eating habits? Do you skip meals, eat out, drink alcohol, avoid certain foods? [/b]
3. Describe your posture. Do you carry yourself well or do you slouch? I walk around watching the ground, because the sun hurts my eyes and I really don’t like making eye contact anyways.
4. How is your health? Are you fit or out of shape? Any illnesses or conditions? Any physical disabilities? I’m easily exhausted, but other than my heart lagging behind I’m quite healthy. I don’t get sick often, usually not for very long either.
6. How attractive are you physically? How do you perceive yourself in the mirror? I’m alright. I’ve been told I’m cute, or handsome, but I really don’t see it. I have fairly low confidence in my looks, mostly because I consider looks entirely irrelevant. It simply doesn’t make sense that people would care if my hair is brushed.
7. Describe your complexion. Dark, light, clear, scarred? I heal very quickly, so the only scars I have are some bug bites on my legs that I picked at repeatedly and stretch marks from gaining 30+ pounds in three months. (No exercise, grilled cheese and chocolate icecream every day.) All of them are fading fast, and I expect them to be gone in two years tops. The bites may be replaced by new bite-scars though. I’m not very tan, but I’m no longer a complete ghost. I have the genes for darker complexion, but I don’t get any real time in the sun so they just keep me from being pasty-white. Not many freckles.
9. What color are your eyes? Green, but in the shadow they look brown. I keep to the shadow most of the time, so you can just call it brown.
10. Do you have any other noteworthy features? A mole on my eyelid that most people notice after a year or two. A tendency to zits sometimes, but I pop them quickly and they heal in a day, so they never stay for more than 48 hours unless they just won’t mature. Those I handle with medicine now, so it happens far less often.
11. What are your chief tension centers? Upper back, lower back, head, muscles, bones, organs, connective tissue, you name it. I’ve probably had tension stored everywhere you can think of.
12. What is your wardrobe like? Casual, dressy, utilitarian? Bright colors, pastels, neutrals? Is it varied, or do you have six of the same suit? Utilitarian. Very. I can buy a whole rack of $5 Walmart tees and $7 blue jeans and not be bothered in the least. I usually have a decent variety of colors for the same basic shirt, and 6 pairs of the same jeans at any given moment.
13. Do your clothes fit well? Do you feel and look comfortable in them? Well, they aren’t tailored to me but I’m fairly common build. Most of them work pretty well, save for the older jeans that I bought when I weighed 185.
14. Does you dress the same on the job as you does in your free time? If not, what are the differences? I wear scrubs to work. Usually light blue, light green, or brown. Scratch usually, that’s all I’ve got.
1. What does your voice sound like? High-pitched, deep, hoarse? Middle of the road, nothing special about my usual voice. I’m a shade lower than Brad Pitt.
2. How do you normally speak? Loud, soft, fast, evenly? Do you talk easily, or do you hesitate? Soft, often ignored entirely. I wait forever for a gap in the conversation to say my peace. I try to keep an even, understandable pace. Sometimes I keep speaking just a little bit after I run out of air, trying to finish a sentence before drawing another breath.
3. Do you have a distinct accent or dialect? Any individual quirks of pronunciation? Any, like, you know, verbal tics? I have no accent that I know of. (I certainly don‘t sound Texan…) I do have a tendency to use a wide vocabulary, which has long resulted in confusion between me and the average teenager.
4. What language/s do you speak, and with how much fluency? I speak English very fluently and with a wide vocabulary. I speak VERY minimal Spanish, and know phrases of several other languages. I know the sentence structure of Japanese to a lesser extent, but not enough phrases to consider it even basic knowledge.
1. How intelligent are you? Are you book-smart or street-smart? I’m capable of learning very quickly about anything that interests me. I can mix knowledge in useful ways to see things that aren’t apparent to others. If I’m not interested, I discard the information altogether, regardless of whether I actually needed to know it or not. This makes for great brains, and poor grades.
6. Are you an introvert or an extrovert? Introvert. Very, very introvert. Large crowds annoy me, I’ll go out of my way not to like anything popular, and I don’t socialize at all.
7. Describe your temperament. Are you even-tempered or do you have mood swings? Cheerful or melancholy? Laid-back or driven? I started out the most level-headed hostility sponge anyone could imagine. Lately, I became very much short fused until I left public school for the safety of others and the sanity of my parents. More recently I’ve cooled back down, and am no longer capable of picking up a sword and marching off to school. Yes, I said sword. Guns run out of bullets, my katana would have kept going and going and going… But I’m past that now.
8. How do you respond to new people or situations? Are you suspicious, relaxed, timid, enthusiastic? Suspicious, hanging at the outskirts and trying to keep an advantageous position for a fight with an exit nearby but not behind me where I can’t see people come in.
9. Are you more likely to act, or to react? I act by forcing others to act. Then I react. I control the situation, deciding when someone’s going to finally take a shot, then using that timing against them.
12. Do you have any diagnosable mental disorders? If yes, how do you deal with them? I have undiagnosed Aspergers. It’s a social disorder that means I’ll never see the world quite the same as most people. It’s generally accompanied by a lack of friends, a naïve personality, unusually strong obsessions, and a high IQ.
14. What do you fear? Honestly? Nothing anymore, on some levels. I can force myself past anything using a certain bit of information I’ve found. But on the other hand, the thing that would hurt me the most is if someone hurt her… Even with my knowledge I will never stop worrying about that possibility.
15. What are your hopes or aspirations? I could care less. I don’t need much and I’d like to see us develop the ability to store human minds in computers to revive later during my lifetime. Other than that I’ll pretty much take what I get.
16. What is something you don't want a family member or a friend to find out about you? My family may be reading this, so it would be rather impractical to write that here. Sorry.
Part 2. It was too long for one post.
1. Describe your relationship with your parents. Good, though there’s isn’t great with each other. I pretty much stay out of the way and help at work. We don’t talk that much because there isn’t much to be said.
2. Do you have any siblings? What is/was that relationship like? My brother. I’d take a bullet for him just to strangle him myself.
4. Are there other, unrelated people whom you consider part of your family? What are your relationships with them? My friends are family. There is no distinction there.
5. Who is/was your best friend? How did you meet? She’s the nutcase I’ll be stuck with as cellmate when we both get shoved into the padded white rooms. At school, another close friend introduced us near the start of the year back in… 6th grade? 7th?. It started off kind of rocky, but within weeks we were close. Since then, things have gotten far apart and then close together again a few times, but she’s still there no matter what.
6. Do you have other close friends? Yep. Several. The big guy is into anime and has lots of southern pride stuff - misprints and poor word choices that make them look like total goons. It’s hilarious when you see his ‘The Souh Will Rise Again’(sic) flag up on the wall. The shorter, slightly puffy but working it off guy is also gay as a two dollar bill. He’s got great taste though, and he’s an incredible sniper with awards so don’t piss him off.
I’ve got others, but those are the three I’d cross an ocean to die for.
8. Which do you consider more important: family or friends? Friends are family. No distinction.
9. Are you single, married, divorced, widowed? Have you been married more than once? Single.
10. Are you currently in a romantic relationship with someone other than a spouse? No. Kind of flirting, but nothing that’ll lead anywhere if we’re sane and rational.
The latest my best friend, but that’s not going anywhere because I know I’ll never be able to give her the life she deserves. So I’m more or less just single and flirty at the moment, because nothing else is going to do more than get me in too deep before I remember I can’t actually live a normal life.
12. What do you look for in a romantic partner? The ability to spend the rest of our lives together - and never regret one damned minute of the time we spent laughing together.
13. Do you have children? Grandchildren? If yes, how do you relate to them? If no, do you want any? Nope, and nope. I can put up with kids, but I’m not a father figure.
14. Do you have any rivals or enemies? Everyone who isn’t a friend more or less hates me. XD
16. How do you feel about sex? How important is it to you? I can do just fine without another person. Still, I like seeing other people happy, so it’s more about them than me anyways.
17. What are your turn-ons? Turn-offs? Weird bedroom habits? I don’t like excessive body altering, or girls who come on too strong. If they act like they’re dying to get into your pants, you’re probably not the first person they’ve jumped without really knowing. I’d like to keep my bits from falling off, thanks. No real turn-ons.
1. Do you know your astrological (zodiac sign? How well do you fit the type? I don’t really study it.
2. Are you religious, spiritual, both, or neither? How important are these elements in your life? I’ll decline for personal reasons.
3. Do you have a personal code of morals or ethics? If so, how did that begin? What would it take to compromise it? I’ll protect my family, friends included, above and before all else. Nothing else matters. Nothing will ever compromise that.
4. How do you regard beliefs that differ from your? Are you tolerant, intolerant, curious, indifferent? I’m tolerant of tolerant people. People who aren’t tolerant, should be tolerantly taught to be tolerant. By someone who has the tolerance not to beat them into a coma. That’s not me.
5. What prejudices do you hold? Did you come to these prejudices yourself? Did you inherit these prejudices from someone? I don’t hold prejudices against any group or organization. I do hold grudges very well, however. The difference is I’ll still be respectful of an asshole’s family, and won’t try to assume they are all like him/her.
1. What is your financial situation? Are you rich, poor, comfortable, in debt? Debt. Comfortable. It’s hard to explain… We owe money, but we’re still able to buy nice things. I suppose the best way to put it is that we aren’t very smart spenders.
2. What is your social status? Has this changed over time, and if so, how has the change affected you? My family is popular, I’m not. That hasn’t really changed, no matter where we move.
4. Besides the basic necessities, what do you spend your money on? Books and electronics. Always.
6. What are your interests or hobbies? How do you spend your free time? Books, electronics, studying things that most people can’t understand and using them to fashion new ideas for cool items I can’t afford to make but would be able to sell for millions if I could prove they worked.
7. What are your eating habits? Do you skip meals, eat out, drink alcohol, avoid certain foods? No salad, no fish, no exceptions. Meat and potatoes kind of guy.
1. Color? I’m red. I like black. I don’t like yellow.
2. Smell? I’m Axe Phoenix. I like Axe Phoenix. I don’t like trash left in the rain for a week.
3. Time of day? I’m probably dusk. I like the night, when the moon is full. I don’t like the sun, so noon is killer.
4. Season? I’m probably fall. I like summer. I don’t like winter, except when it’s actually snowy.
5. Book? I’m a science fiction. I like fiction and sci fi. I don’t like biographies.
6. Music? I’m a techno, or an anime theme song. I like random songs from random genres, but usually not anything remotely popular. I don’t like most popular songs, or country.
9. Plant? I’m not really a plant kind of guy. Some plants are cool, but not cool enough for me to bother remembering the names of which ones.
10. Animal? I don’t really associate myself with any animals. I like sugar gliders, various mythical creatures, and many others. I don’t like anything smelly or large that isn’t outright deadly.
I don’t know what other people view me as for any of these, so I’m leaving that part out.
Try to remember, this is the real me. This is as deep as I could dig for honest answers. Poke fun at me and I'll hunt you down.
2. How old are you? 18 (Soon to be 19) =D
4. How is your health? Are you fit or out of shape? Any illnesses or conditions? Any physical disabilities?
I am a healthy individual. I am fit and not ill or have any conditions.
I am Clumsy, but mostly graceful.
6. How attractive are you physically? How do you perceive yourself in the mirror?
I consider myself simply pretty. I can't say anything more. Average look.
8. Describe your hair: color, texture, style.
10. Do you have any other noteworthy features?
Tend to stay with dark colors, earth tones, black, purple. Neutral tones.
13. Do your clothes fit well? Do you feel and look comfortable in them?
Yes my clothes fit well...right now..since I lost weight ,they are a little big, but they are comfortable.
14. Does you dress the same on the job as you does in your free time? If not, what are the differences?
Yes remain in the same clothes, no uniforms required. =D
1. What does your voice sound like? High-pitched, deep, hoarse?
2. How do you normally speak? Loud, soft, fast, evenly? Do you talk easily, or do you hesitate?
Soft, tend to mumble with realizing it. I can hesitate...not the best at speaking to others without messing up at times.
4. What language/s do you speak, and with how much fluency?
5. Do you switch languages or dialects in certain situations? No.
1. How intelligent are you? Are you book-smart or street-smart? I am more street smart as my friend says. O.o I guess a bit of both.
2. Do you think on your feet, or do you need time to deliberate? Depends. i have ideas on the spot, but certain situations require time.
4. What kind of education have you had? High school...-Now in college-
5. What are your areas of expertise? What, if anything, are you interested in learning more about?
8. How do you respond to new people or situations? Are you suspicious, relaxed, timid, enthusiastic?
I tend to be timid and suspicious. I am not always good with new people, but there are some if approach me in a friendly manner I will loosen up quickly and get into a conversation with them instantly. Other times I can be enthusiastic about meeting new people, especially if they feel left out.
9. Are you more likely to act, or to react? React.
10. Which is your default: fight or flight? Flight.-I am not good in fights.
12. Do you have any diagnosable mental disorders? If yes, how do you deal with them? No.
13. What moments in your life have defined you as a person? When I got a brilliant idea for a story. When I help people. Loving the people who I have lost. Meeting my closest friends in Sophomore year of High school.
15. What are your hopes or aspirations? To one day become a great writer. Hope people understand the meanings in my writings. Be a good person and do what is right. Become stronger and be the determined person I am.
16. What is something you don't want a family member or a friend to find out about you?
1. Describe your relationship with your parents. Unbalanced
5. Who is/was your best friend? How did you meet? My best friend...betrayed me in a since...but we still of friends. Met in second grade. Other best friends- Jenjen and Roxa- Met them in High school. They taught me what true friendship was, they never abandoned me or hurt me. They are both strong, beautiful and independent women, who I would give up my life for... --Online besties: Mike, Ace, Belle, Kaely.
7. Do you make friends easily, or do you have trouble getting along with people? Depends.
8. Which do you consider more important: family or friends? Friends.- Yes family too. But my friendships tend to be more important because without them I would not be who I was without them.
10. Are you currently in a romantic relationship with someone other than a spouse? Nope.
12. What do you look for in a romantic partner? Intelligent, funny, able to have a good time, Caring, kindhearted,etc.
14. Do you have any rivals or enemies? No.
15. What is your sexual orientation? Where do you fall on the Kinsey scale? No idea...most likely straight.
16. How do you feel about sex? How important is it to you? I am okay with it? ummm...no.
17. What are your turn-ons? Turn-offs? Weird bedroom habits? ummm...This is a weird question...
1. Do you know your astrological (zodiac sign? How well do you fit the type? I am a Libra. I can relate to some of it.
2. Is your religious, spiritual, both, or neither? How important are these elements in your life? Neither really. Not really important. I like learning about religions is all.
3. Do you have a personal code of morals or ethics? If so, how did that begin? What would it take to compromise it? --Yes.
5. What prejudices do you hold? Did you come to these prejudices yourself? Did you inherit these prejudices from someone? Have none at the moment.
1. What is your financial situation? Are you rich, poor, comfortable, in debt? Comfortable. Certain things are difficult to afford for my family, like college.
2. What is your social status? Has this changed over time, and if so, how has the change affected you? Huh? Does it matter really?
3. Where do you live? House, apartment, trailer? Is your home your castle or just a place to crash? What condition is it in? Do you share it with others? Small house. It's a nice house with the need for many minor fixes.
4. Besides the basic necessities, what do you spend your money on?
5. What do you do for a living? Are you good at it? Do you enjoy it, or would you rather be doing something else?
6. What are your interests or hobbies? How do you spend your free time?
My hobbies: Running, writing, reading, relaxing, singing, bike riding.
7. What are your eating habits? Do you skip meals, eat out, drink alcohol, avoid certain foods? Healthy food..use the point system.
3. Time of day? eightish best time to go out.
4. Season? autumn and early spring.
6. Music? Rock/electronica/black/death metal/indie/alternative rock.
Awesome, awesome. Glad I'm not the only one willing to go out on a limb. ^^ Thanks, Mai.
Right, while I don't have a problem with this thread, I need to reiterate something.
DO NOT GIVE OUT ANY INFORMATION YOU ARE NOT COMFORTABLE GIVING OUT.
DO NOT GIVE OUT ANY INFORMATION THAT COULD LEAD SOMEONE TO FINDING YOU.
Phone numbers. - I DO NOT WANT TO SEE ANYONE'S PERSONAL PHONE NUMBER HERE OR ANYWHERE ELSE!
Exact location of your school/work. - This could lead people to find you.
Oh, and I'm perfectly okay with double posting on this site. ^_^
I got my eye on this too Ace, for when you're not online. ^^
I'll fill it in later, I'm currently in songwriting mode!
Subject: Re: Tell the world about yourself! Sat Sep 05, 2009 10:46 am
Thanks Acers. ^^ I'll notify you or the next available mod first thing if anyone posts personal data, that's just common sense. I know better than to let people get found. I'm probably one of the most stringent net security advocates you'll ever meet, so I wasn't planning on letting anyone post personal info. Anyways, coolio a third survey taker!
5. How do you move? Are you clumsy, graceful, tense, fluid? I can be clumsy, I guess.
6. How attractive are you physically? How do you perceive yourself in the mirror? I think I'm not that attractive but according to other people, I hear different.
8. Describe your hair: color, texture, style. Orange, smooth and long.
10. Do you have any other noteworthy features? No, not really.
13. Do your clothes fit well? Do you feel and look comfortable in them? Yep.
14. Does you dress the same on the job as you does in your free time? If not, what are the differences? Yeah.
1. What does your voice sound like? High-pitched, deep, hoarse? Deepish.
4. What language/s do you speak, and with how much fluency? English and perfectly. I can swear in Russian, say 'eight' in Spanish, and say 'hello' and some other words in French.
6. Are you a good impromptu speaker, or do you have to think about your words? Depends.
2. Do you think on your feet, or do you need time to deliberate? Like not think before I speak? Usually :/
4. What kind of education have you had? Up to grade eleven so far. Its the grade that I'm in now.
5. What are your areas of expertise? What, if anything, are you interested in learning more about? I can play drums and I can write real swell.
8. How do you respond to new people or situations? Are you suspicious, relaxed, timid, enthusiastic? Sometimes timid with new people. New situations mostly vary on if I should be doing them or not. Most of the time, I shouldn't be but you didn't hear that from me.
9. Are you more likely to act, or to react?
10. Which is your default: fight or flight? By fight, you mean beat the hell out of someone that won't shut up and threatens to throw and egg at you, then sure.
12. Do you have any diagnosable mental disorders? If yes, how do you deal with them? I poke the voices with Q-Tips. But seriously, I am normal... ish.
13. What moments in your life have defined you as a person? Not sure.
14. What do you fear? People with fists the size of hams.
15. What are your hopes or aspirations? To play music in the future.
16. What is something you don't want a family member or a friend to find out about you? My friends know this and my little sister too but the fact that I smoke pot. Sue me. I find it fun and its what I like to do when its available to me, which isn't very often.
1. Describe your relationship with your parents. Dad's an asshole who I hope to never speak with again and my mom's rad.
2. Do you have any siblings? What is/was that relationship like? We're those typical siblings that claim to hate each other but really we love each other and we watch out for each other. Mostly me for her, but still.
4. Are there other, unrelated people whom you consider part of your family? What are your relationships with them? My second home is my friend's house and he's like a brother you get along with to me, honestly. We talk about a lot of shit. Sometimes serious, sometimes odd.
My best best friend is Thomas. He's also known as DemonDays on RPGFO and he's an awesome dude. We usually talk about a lot of stuff and I'm always at his house playing video games and talking about how Microsoft is screwed. Odd conversations, eh? We met in grade seven but never really started talking to each other until we had grade nine math together.
6. Do you have other close friends? Yes. Tons.
8. Which do you consider more important: family or friends? Family. I'm always there for my sister mostly but even when my mom's having a hard time, I'm there.
9. Are you single, married, divorced, widowed? Have you been married more than once? Single. Never married... only sixteen.
12. What do you look for in a romantic partner? Similar music taste, nice personality, not clingy, not psychotic (always get them), and I like scene girls :3
13. Do you have children? Grandchildren? If yes, how do you relate to them? If no, do you want any? Nope.
14. Do you have any rivals or enemies? Ethan... He's stupid. I used to be awesome friends with him in grade seven and eight and then he turned into an ABSOLUTE dickhead over the summer and started talking shit about me in geography and we almost fought but he didn't want to (aka wanted me to call him out when I'm smaller than him and scrawny as fuck meaning he was being a bitch because people kept saying their odds were on me in class).
15. What is your sexual orientation? Where do you fall on the Kinsey scale? I am straight.
16. How do you feel about sex? How important is it to you? Sure, its something to express how much you love someone but its not the dominant part of a relationship for me. I made a mistake and gave my virginity away before realizing this...
17. What are your turn-ons? Turn-offs? Weird bedroom habits? Not willing to discuss this because nothing comes to mind.
1. Do you know your astrological (zodiac sign? How well do you fit the type? Cancer. Pretty well.
2. Is your religious, spiritual, both, or neither? How important are these elements in your life? In question of Christianity, unfortunately. No matter how much I want to believe and the evidence is laid out in front of me basically, I can't believe. Someone's sending me a book to help me with this.
3. Do you have a personal code of morals or ethics? If so, how did that begin? What would it take to compromise it? No?
4. How do you regard beliefs that differ from your? Are you tolerant, intolerant, curious, indifferent? I'll listen to what they have to say about it and support them in what they believe in. Unless its Scientology, because then you get a smack in the forehead...
1. What is your financial situation? Are you rich, poor, comfortable, in debt? Not willing to answer.
2. What is your social status? Has this changed over time, and if so, how has the change affected you? My social status?
4. Besides the basic necessities, what do you spend your money on? Band shirts, skateboard stuff, CDs, useless stuff :/
5. What do you do for a living? Are you good at it? Do you enjoy it, or would you rather be doing something else? I babysit for $100 every two weeks
6. What are your interests or hobbies? How do you spend your free time? I play drums, play video games, I make logos on my computer, I play music with my friends, I'm starting to collect CDs because my not on computer music collection is not very impressive...
7. What are your eating habits? Do you skip meals, eat out, drink alcohol, avoid certain foods? I sometimes skip breakfast and rarely skip lunch but I eat a lot throughout the day usually.
7. Place? My room with my music.
Woohoo! I did not really expect this many people to be on board, and I'm glad everyone's so willing to share. ^^
Thanks to everyone who's posted so far, and I look forward to seeing more responses. It's really cool to get to 'meet' the people I've been hanging out with.
Subject: Re: Tell the world about yourself! Sun Sep 06, 2009 10:34 am
I try to carry myself well, but I do tend to slouch a bit.
I'm totally out of shape, but my health is generally OK.
I have a tattoo on the top of my right arm.
Usually just jeans and a t-shirt is fine for me.
Yeah, I like to be comfortable in what I wear.
Yep, my work is lenient when it comes to the dress code.
When I'm talking to one person seriously, my voice gets a bit deep, but when I'm in a lighter mood, it gets more higher pitched and playful.
5. Do you switch languages or dialects in certain situations?
Only when I'm joking about with friends.
6. Are you a good impromptu speaker, or do you have to think about your words?
I'd say I was fairly intelligent, but not too much.
2. Do you think on your feet, or do you need time to deliberate?
I'd say I try to think of people and how they're affected, before I try to put anything into effect.
4. What kind of education have you had?
No higher than secondary school.
7. Describe your temperament. Are you even-tempered or do you have mood swings? Cheerful or melancholy? Laid-back or driven?
I'd say I'm calm and cheerful, but don't make me angry, you wouldn't like me when I turn green.
10. Which is your default: fight or flight?
Used to be flight, until I met friends that I'd die protecting, so now it's fight.
12. Do you have any diagnosable mental disorders? If yes, how do you deal with them?
No, none that I know of anyway.
13. What moments in your life have defined you as a person?
I'd write them, but I fear it would cheapen them.
15. What are your hopes or aspirations?
1. Describe your relationship with your parents.
Good, better now I'm moving out!
2. Do you have any siblings? What is/was that relationship like?
3. Are there other blood relatives to whom you are close? Are there ones you can't stand?
No and yes. I'm not mentioning them though.
4. Are there other, unrelated people whom you consider part of your family? What are your relationships with them?
I have a few close friends who I love to bits.
5. Who is/was your best friend? How did you meet?
My best friend is Linzi, but I've a few others close to that status too.
6. Do you have other close friends?
7. Do you make friends easily, or do you have trouble getting along with people?
Lately, yeah, everyone I've met.
8. Which do you consider more important: family or friends?
Both are equally important to me.
9. Are you single, married, divorced, widowed? Have you been married more than once?
Single, never married. Engaged once, but that was a youthful mistake.
10. Are you currently in a romantic relationship with someone other than a spouse?
11. Who was your first crush? Who is your latest?
A girl in school called Sarah. She was gorgeous. My latest... is shrouded in mystery.
12. What do you look for in a romantic partner?
Their personality and sense of humour, and how down to earth they are.
14. Do you have any rivals or enemies?
15. What is your sexual orientation? Where do you fall on the Kinsey scale?
16. How do you feel about sex? How important is it to you?
It's not hugely important to me.
I decline to answer this question.
1. Do you know your astrological (zodiac sign? How well do you fit the type?
Virgo. I don't fit it at all...
2. Is your religious, spiritual, both, or neither? How important are these elements in your life?
I have no religion, nor do I need one. I believe in my family and friends.
3. Do you have a personal code of morals or ethics? If so, how did that begin? What would it take to compromise it?
I have morals and stuff, yeah. I was taught them by my parents.
Since the only thing I believe in are my friends and family, I have no reason to disbelieve anyone elses beliefs.
I hold no prejudice against anyone.
1. What is your financial situation? Are you rich, poor, comfortable, in debt?
I work for a living, so I'm ok.
2. What is your social status? Has this changed over time, and if so, how has the change affected you?
I have some very good friends whom I love and respect.
3. Where do you live? House, apartment, trailer? Is your home your castle or just a place to crash? What condition is it in? Do you share it with others?
I'll be living in a flat come Wednesday!
I have an office job. It's not too bad, easy money really.
I love listening to music, playing computer games, reading, writing and spending time with my friends.
7. What are your eating habits? Do you skip meals, eat out, drink alcohol, avoid certain foods?
I eat almost anything, I only drink socially, and I avoid pineapples.
1. Color? Red is my favourite colour, I like it because it is the colour of passion.
3. Time of day? I like the end of work times.. always a winner!
4. Season? I prefer whatever season it isn't, usually.
5. Book? Those things with paper and words on them?
9. Plant? Err... not a big fan of them to be honest
Good to meet you, Mike. *Checks another name off the list* At this rate, I'll have the whole site in by next month! This is really cool, and I'm glad everyone is putting forth the effort. Has anyone learned anything they really didn't expect? Anyone thought of anything they want added to the survey? Any confusing wording I need to change?
Depends on how proud or relaxed I'm feeling- usually do my best to walk straight.
I'm a dork, get with the program.
There's plenty to work on but everyone thinks they're flawed.
Comfortable and things I can relax in after a hard day of work or a few hours of martial arts. Oh, board shorts, lots of board shorts.
It's a normal voice that's ot really high pitched or deep.
I'm not very well spoken I guess but that's the least of my worries
Probably more book smart in the sense that I can help you with your homework. Don't get me wrong, I'm street smart- I stay off the streets.
I've learned to think things through a little more
I'm doing a Graphic Design course so I'm still a student
Music and art are my main areas- I live those things.
I'm laid back until the switch is flicked. Then we all worry about my anger.
I have a good range of sense of humour. But I also know where to cut the line.
I'm cautious of most things without fearing them. However- how I die is an issue to me. You can shoot me, stab me, snap my neck- whatever, just no drowning or burning.
To be happy, earn the money I need to not worry about how I live and to be there for my friends.
Just because I don't mention things doesn't mean I don't want them found out. Give it time and the right questions.
Dad, love. Mum, rocky road. I love her yes, but she tests me.
Family friends, those people you adopt as your family because they're so good to you.
Tegan, she can read me like a book and has known me since high school
Mark, haha, he lived across the road from me when we were kids. And latest... eh..
Well grounded, easy going, neat to talk to and ofcourse they've gotta make you happy.
Tried both sides, haven't really liked either. Men and women are as bad as eachother. Therefore I choose to like neither right now.
I'm not greatly religious. God may exist but lets not get into a debate now.
Do'nt we all have the moral code were were raised in?
To prejudge would make me a horrible person.
I'm in work so, I'm getting by.
I got my friends and they got me- we have a good time what else could you want.
My living will be Graphics. I'm good at that. I'm also good at fighting though so, if all else fails...
I chill out when I'm not at work or martial arts. See my mates too- watch a movie or several.
I eat alot, don't drink a great deal of alcohol, and avoid anything that smells funny or stares back at me.
1. Color? Orange, it's so full of warmth
Subject: Re: Tell the world about yourself! Sun Sep 06, 2009 11:51 pm
5/53 members collected so far. ^^ I'm guessing of those 53, probably 20 or less have been on since the thread started. So, rough guess 1/4 people is willing to do this. Coolio!
2. How old are you? : I'll be 23 September 20th.
4. How is your health? Are you fit or out of shape? Any illnesses or conditions? Any physical disabilities? : Aside from the chunky monkieness, I'm 100% in perfect health.
6. How attractive are you physically? How do you perceive yourself in the mirror? : Bleh. Hate questions like this. Okay, so I think I'm decent looking. Not gorgeous, but not horrid.
10. Do you have any other noteworthy features? : Erm... No
11. What are your chief tension centers? : My neck, small of my back, and right knee. I had an accident when I was 13 playing basket ball. Ended up shattering my right knee, fracturing my left on, knocking my neck outta wack, and breaking my tail bone. Yes, I broke my ass, so those spots generally hurt me.
1. What does your voice sound like? High-pitched, deep, hoarse? : Pretty sultry, I've been told. Sexy, also been told.
4. What language/s do you speak, and with how much fluency? : English and a wee little bit of Spanish.
5. Do you switch languages or dialects in certain situations? : When I'm talking to my sister's beau, I go from English to Spanish.
6. Are you a good impromptu speaker, or do you have to think about your words? : Nope. Words come naturally for me. Thank gods. I've always gotten nothing but perfect marks in speech classes. ^_^
2. Do you think on your feet, or do you need time to deliberate? : I'm great at thinking on my feet. But if I sit and think about something, it comes out just as great, if not better.
4. What kind of education have you had? : I actually dropped out of school in the eleventh grade, then went back and got my G.E.D. I'm working on my third year of college now.
6. Are you an introvert or an extrovert? : Depends. If the situation calls for me to be outgoing and extroverted, I can be. Though I'm perfectly alright sitting home, alone, and reading a book.
10. Which is your default: fight or flight? : Both. I'm not a violent person, honestly. But I have never run from a fight, or a situation. And I have no problem standing up for what I believe in, or my friends.
12. Do you have any diagnosable mental disorders? If yes, how do you deal with them? : Nope, nothing mental going on with me. ^_^
15. What are your hopes or aspirations? : Hopes! I -AM- going to become a writer. A published writer. With amazing novels. And poems. It's my biggest aspiration.
16. What is something you don't want a family member or a friend to find out about you? : Mmm... The only family I have are my Mom and sister. And they know everything there is to know about me.
1. Describe your relationship with your parents. : My mom and I have an amazing relationship. She's my best friend. My biggest fan. And the one person I know I can go to whenever there's anything wrong. Or if I want to laugh. Or cry. Or sit and watch George Lopez. My father... Well, he's a douche bag. Nuff about him.
2. Do you have any siblings? What is/was that relationship like? : I have one sister who's 19. And I honestly thought I was going to hate her for eternity. However, we've actually grown incredibly close this past year, and she's come to be one of my best friends.
4. Are there other, unrelated people whom you consider part of your family? What are your relationships with them? : Yes, there are. I've got my two big brothers, James and Ben, and my little sisters, Alison and Charlotte. (Gods, I hope I spelled that right. >_< ))
5. Who is/was your best friend? How did you meet? : I don't have a best friend right now, except my mom. And my previous best friend isn't worth mentioning.
6. Do you have other close friends? : No. I don't really have very many friends. Except people I know online. I suppose, if we go by online standards, I have a few. Ant, Belle, Mai, King, Lindsey.
7. Do you make friends easily, or do you have trouble getting along with people? : Eh... I'm really easy to get along with, but I find most of the population shallow and not worth my time.
8. Which do you consider more important: family or friends? : Neither. Both. I love my family, but my friends are just as important.
10. Are you currently in a romantic relationship with someone other than a spouse? : No
12. What do you look for in a romantic partner? : Intellectual-ness. Honesty. Humorous, Faithfulness, Loyalty.
14. Do you have any rivals or enemies? : Mmm... Good question... No, actually, I don't.
15. What is your sexual orientation? Where do you fall on the Kinsey scale?: I'm as straight as they come, though I love flirting with girls.
16. How do you feel about sex? How important is it to you? : Eh... Sex is sex. It's not all that important. Granted, I've never had -good, amazing, rock my world, sex before.- *shrugs* Well... There was that one weekend... Whatever. Sex doesn't mean anything to me.
1. Do you know your astrological (zodiac sign? How well do you fit the type?: I'm a Virgo! I git it pretty well.
2. Is your religious, spiritual, both, or neither? How important are these elements in your life?: I'm christian. And I have no problems admitting this. I will -not- get into huge debates, or fights about religion. I have my god, you have yours, or not. I don't fight about beliefs, I respect everyone's.
2. What is your social status? Has this changed over time, and if so, how has the change affected you? : I was always the girl everyone liked. Though now I'm more the bad ass everyone's scared of. >_<
4. Besides the basic necessities, what do you spend your money on? : Nothing. Bills and cigarettes only.
1. Color? : My favorite color is Cobalt Blue, and, surprisingly enough, most people associate me with either blue or purple.
4. Season? : Winter! I -love- cold weather. I'm usually associated with winter too, because I, apparently, have a very 'cold' attitude.
7. Place? : The beach. Or under a tree with a note book and pen, writing a story.
8. Substance? : What a fascinating question. I'd have to say dirt. And I don't mean this bullshit they call dirt in Florida, which is actually sand. I mean real, honest to god, dirt.
Subject: Re: Tell the world about yourself! Mon Sep 07, 2009 9:03 pm
1. Describe the your height and build. Are you heavyset, thin, short, rangy? Fairly heavyset, and I am almost 6 foot, two inches tall.
2. How old are you? 18, turning 19 in early October
3. Describe your posture. Do you carry yourself well or do you slouch? It all depends what I am doing/what mood I'm in... If I feel happy, I tend to walk with a great posture, other times, I'm just really slouchy.
5. How do you move? Are you clumsy, graceful, tense, fluid? Again, sometimes it depends on my mood, I'm clumsy most of the time though.
6. How attractive are you physically? How do you perceive yourself in the mirror? I have been told that I have a beautiful face, but I just need to work on the rest of me... I don't blame anyone for thinking it.
7. Describe your complexion. Dark, light, clear, scarred? My complexion is... Well it's basically clear apart from the odd pimple or two... A little scrappy with the hair on my face, and fairly light skin.
8. Describe your hair: color, texture, style. Hazel hair, fairly thin, and fairly long.
9. What color are your eyes? Same colour as my hair, hazel.
10. Do you have any other noteworthy features? A couple of scars all over my hands, one on my knee, and one on my leg for being stupid...
11. What are your chief tension centers? Neck and back.... They are always hurting me!
13. Do your clothes fit well? Do you feel and look comfortable in them? Most of them, yes... A small bulk of them don't fit me at all...
14. Does you dress the same on the job as you does in your free time? If not, what are the differences? Well, given how I'm working now, my casual wear is my work wear.
1. What does your voice sound like? High-pitched, deep, hoarse? Fairly deep, almost comical in a way.
3. Do you have a distinct accent or dialect? Any individual quirks of pronunciation? Any, like, you know, verbal tics? I wouldn't really call it an accent, I basically just sound like most American actors when they are in a film... With no accent at all.
4. What language/s do you speak, and with how much fluency? I can speak a little Italian, but that's about it.
5. Do you switch languages or dialects in certain situations? No...
6. Are you a good impromptu speaker, or do you have to think about your words? I kind of enjoy public speaking, it allows people to practice vital life skills, such as speaking amongst others.
7. Are you eloquent or inarticulate? Under what circumstances might this change? I am pretty articulate, but the only circumstance it would change if I had to keep spelling out a word in my head...
2. Do you think on your feet, or do you need time to deliberate? I always need time to deliberate, besides, most of the people who think on their feet end up getting it all wrong and have to ask someone else for help...
4. What kind of education have you had? The highest level of education I have had would be Year 12, where I completed Media Studies, Physical Education, Software Development, English and Food Technology.
5. What are your areas of expertise? What, if anything, are you interested in learning more about? I can cook fairly well, I can also edit a film pretty easily... I would love to learn to cook other dishes, and actually make better movies.
8. How do you respond to new people or situations? Are you suspicious, relaxed, timid, enthusiastic? When it comes to meeting new people, I normally act fairly shy, or very friendly towards them.
12. Do you have any diagnosable mental disorders? If yes, how do you deal with them? Not that I am aware of.
13. What moments in your life have defined you as a person? No earthly idea...
14. What do you fear? This may sound pretty crazy, but I am afraid of not being committed to something/someone, I have a raging fear of giant slides you find at carnivals (Fractured my leg on one when I was almost 12, never been on one since then.) and I am batshit scared by The Scarecrow in the Batman series...
15. What are your hopes or aspirations? One day, I hope to either be a big movie editor, or possibly even a well known chef.
16. What is something you don't want a family member or a friend to find out about you? THis question doesn't apply, because I always tell my friends everything...
2. Do you have any siblings? What is/was that relationship like? I have a younger sister, who annoys the living hell out of me... The relationship is bleak, and mostly filled with rage.
4. Are there other, unrelated people whom you consider part of your family? What are your relationships with them? I consider all of my greatest friends a part of my family, Carl, Kieran, Ben, Troy, Sandford, Tayla, Emily and Amber.
7. Do you make friends easily, or do you have trouble getting along with people? I make friends fairly easily, but other times, I just struggle.
8. Which do you consider more important: family or friends? Both are equally important, because if one specific group doesn't listen to you, then you always have the other to fall back on.
9. Are you single, married, divorced, widowed? Have you been married more than once? I'm kinda single...
10. Are you currently in a romantic relationship with someone other than a spouse? Nope
14. Do you have any rivals or enemies? Not really a rival or an enemy, just some guy I really can't stand...
15. What is your sexual orientation? Where do you fall on the Kinsey scale? Straight as can be, but if I get a few drinks, I do that whole weird flirting thing...
16. How do you feel about sex? How important is it to you? Sex is fine with me, as someone once said, nobody understands the importance of sex more, than someone who isn't having it.
1. Do you know your astrological (zodiac sign? How well do you fit the type?Libra, and I'm not sure if i even fit into that type...
2. Is your religious, spiritual, both, or neither? How important are these elements in your life?I am neither spiritual or religious.
3. Do you have a personal code of morals or ethics? If so, how did that begin? What would it take to compromise it? No morals or ethics whatsoever.
5. What prejudices do you hold? Did you come to these prejudices yourself? Did you inherit these prejudices from someone? I would rather not answer this question on the grounds that I may get horribly injured somehow...
1. What is your financial situation? Are you rich, poor, comfortable, in debt? I'm pretty comfortable, the only things I need to pay off are a few games... I get around $400 a fortnight, and I can live on that as long as I am still living with my mum for a while.
4. Besides the basic necessities, what do you spend your money on? Booze, smokes, video games and on rare occasions, comic books.
6. What are your interests or hobbies? How do you spend your free time? My free time is mostly spent on the computer, on the PS3, or even having a nice walk.
7. What are your eating habits? Do you skip meals, eat out, drink alcohol, avoid certain foods? I drink alcohol, but only on certain occasions, I occasionally have take-out, but most of the time, it is a delicious home cooked meal.
Anything not filled in is something I'm not comfortable sharing, or something I'm not sure on and didn't bother typing that out.
4. How is your health? Are you fit or out of shape? Any illnesses or conditions? Any physical disabilities? Allergies; seem to end up sick quite a bit, even if it's just a cold
8. Describe your hair: color, texture, style. brown, thick and often tangled, long and straight
10. Do you have any other noteworthy features? glasses
14. Does you dress the same on the job as you does in your free time? If not, what are the differences? unemployed >.>
5. Do you switch languages or dialects in certain situations? not that I've noticed
6. Are you a good impromptu speaker, or do you have to think about your words? Pretty good impromptu, unless it's for a class or something
3. Describe your thought process. Are you more logical, or more intuitive? Idealistic or practical? not sure, never really thought about it
4. What kind of education have you had? Up to high school, I guess, seeing as later today is the first class of college for me
5. What are your areas of expertise? What, if anything, are you interested in learning more about? Art, Photography Ancient Egypt, Sci-Fi/Fantasy, Fandom in general, kinda; I'm interested in learning more about all those topics
8. How do you respond to new people or situations? Are you suspicious, relaxed, timid, enthusiastic? Very shy
1. Describe your relationship with your parents. very good, we even hang out together a lot
2. Do you have any siblings? What is/was that relationship like? no
3. Are there other blood relatives to whom you are close? Are there ones you can't stand? I like all of them, luckily
7. Do you make friends easily, or do you have trouble getting along with people? I make friends pretty easily after I get over the shyness
8. Which do you consider more important: family or friends? both are equally important
9. Are you single, married, divorced, widowed? Have you been married more than once? single
10. Are you currently in a romantic relationship with someone other than a spouse? no
11. Who was your first crush? Who is your latest? I don't know, actually, and my only current crushes are on celebrities and fictional charcters
12. What do you look for in a romantic partner? a friend, most of all
13. Do you have children? Grandchildren? If yes, how do you relate to them? If no, do you want any? No; I wouldn't be against adopting, but not for a while
14. Do you have any rivals or enemies? Don't think so
15. What is your sexual orientation? Where do you fall on the Kinsey scale? 2.5, I would say. Although you'd have to replace -sexual with romantic
16. How do you feel about sex? How important is it to you? indiffernet, couldn't care less
4. How do you regard beliefs that differ from your? Are you tolerant, intolerant, curious, indifferent? I accept that everyone has the right to their own beliefs, even if they differ from mine
1. What is your financial situation? Are you rich, poor, comfortable, in debt? Poor, I guess
4. Besides the basic necessities, what do you spend your money on? Comics, DVDs, Books, Random things that catch my eye, action figures
5. What do you do for a living? Are you good at it? Do you enjoy it, or would you rather be doing something else? Nothing at the moment
6. What are your interests or hobbies? How do you spend your free time? Hobbies: writing, drawing, reading
[I'm going to go with favorite, maybe least favorite, because associations are hard to do when it comes to yourself and I don't know what others associate me with]
1. Color? Out of the primaries and secondaries? Green, blue and yellow
5. Book? that's like asking a mother to choose her favorite child!
I'm at about 5'11, which is the average height in my family, and heavyset.
2. How old are you? Twenty-three. Will be twenty-four in November.
Hmm. More of a fluid motion. I'm not clumsy or tense. I'm probably one of the most relaxed people you'll ever met.
Slightly dark, not a great deal though. Native American blood in me. And I have several small scars over my arms and fingers as well as along the legs.
Casual with a hint of dressy, but not a lot. Most of them are dark colors blacks and blues.
That's priorty number 1 in my book is that they feel comfortable.
Soft and/or evenly. And I talk easily.
I have a bit of the southern accent and dialect. And yes, the redneck quirks of pronounciation come in there at times too.
Sometimes if I'm trying to make someone laugh.
I have trouble pronouncing some words sometimes, but otherwise, I can speak pretty eloquent or the like most of the time.
A bit of both. And as for how intelligent I am, I'm average or so, in my opinion.
3. Describe your thought process. Are you more logical, or more intuitive? Idealistic or practical? Hmm.. Its a tough one actually. I'd say I'm more intuitive and more idealistic with a hint of practicality.
5. What are your areas of expertise? What, if anything, are you interested in learning more about? Writing and transcription. Anything and everything. I love to learn things.
A mixture really. Its according to what situation you get me in. But I'd lean more towards introvert.
8. How do you respond to new people or situations? Are you suspicious, relaxed, timid, enthusiastic? Relaxed. I like meeting new people.
Fight. Fighting doesn't always mean the physical and if it gets to that point, I won't back down either. I find fighting pointless for the most part, unless the cause is accurate.
Love jokes and teasing/sarcastic humour. But like someone said above me, don't make fun of someone else if you can't make fun of yourself.
My hopes, dreams, and aspirations are to become a successful teacher. To help young people find that place in the world where they can make the different. To become a well known author around the world. To love the woman of my dreams until I'm old and gray.
That I'm insecure about myself a lot of the times. That my problems, I always keep to myself, unless someone comes to me openly. I'm very stubborn and I don't like people knowing when something is wrong with me.
With my mom, I have the best relationship in the world. With my dad, we are close, but not as much as we should be.
Two half-brothers, one step brother. And we are all very, very close.
4. Are there other, unrelated people whom you consider part of your family? What are your relationships with them? Just some of my friends, namely one or two.
Oh yeah. Quite a few.. Well not that many, but about 4 or 5.
Both. I couldn't put a line between them like that.
Someone from preschool. And latest, well, they know who they are.
Someone who can accept me for whom I am and my crazy spouts. Someone who knows just how big my heart actually is inside. Someone who would just stand beside me and love me. They have to be smart, caring, and loving.
13. Do you have children? Grandchildren? If yes, how do you relate to them? If no, do you want any? None.
Nope. I don't believe in enemies.
It’s a good thing, as long as its in a commited relationship. And important? Not really. I don't have to have it to make me love someone.
2. Is your religious, spiritual, both, or neither? How important are these elements in your life? Spiritual and with prayer. I've started to come into this a lot more here lately.
Yes, I do. It began shortly after high school honestly, which is all in all 5 years ago. And to compromise it? A lot.
I'm understanding. People believe what they believe because that's what it is. We shouldn't try to down someone for what they believe in, but accept it. It just makes us who we are.
I used to be. But now, none. I don't believe in it anymore. People shouldn't be judged for what they are, but for whom they are on the inside. A prejudice is a crutch.
A little bit in debt, but I have a steady job which is paying the bills. I'm hoping for a big change soon though.
Hmm.. I'm a bit shy but also outgoing at the same time. I'm not as bad as I used to be. I was known for being the quite one in school, even got an award for it. And the change.. Its really helped, I've met a lot of new people here and there when the opportunity presents itself. I'm not afraid of saying what is on my mind either.
House. Just a place to crash, honestly. And in good condition, still needs some work. And yes. My mother and step dad as well as with a pupper dawg.
Well, used to be games and books, magazines, and a few little odds and ends there with some exercise equipment. But now, nothing. I'm getting myself out of my debt so I can achieve something great.
I work as a transcriptionist at a hospital. I'm okay at it, not the best, I suppose, but I get the job done. Not much anymore, I don't, no. Million other places I'd rather be.
I eat what I like. I don't like to skip meals as its worse for you than overeating. Alcohol I avoid now. I'm not a too big of a vegetable eater either.
2. Smell? Honeysuckle. Can't get enough of that stuff.
4. Season? Fall, Winter, and Spring.
8. Substance? Water. Give me a good lake any day of the week and I could be content for life.
9. Plant? Honeysuckle. As you can see, I can't get enough of that stuff.
10. Animal? Falcon. Oh what it would be like to soar in the sky.
1. Describe the your height and build. Are you heavyset, thin, short, rangy? I've come full circle, reaching up to 170 in muscle, and cycling back down to 150 string-man again. Ultimately, I'm in almost the same shape I was back then.
3. Describe your posture. Do you carry yourself well or do you slouch? The slouch is not gone, but it is much lighter. I walk a little taller, though not much. The sun still hurts my eyes, but I try not to stare at the ground as often.
4. How is your health? Are you fit or out of shape? Any illnesses or conditions? Any physical disabilities? About the same as last time, I don't get really sick but a few times a year if that, heal quickly from EVERYTHING, and am in decent enough shape as to not be concerned. Though I'd like to be stronger and have better endurance.
5. How do you move? Are you clumsy, graceful, tense, fluid? No more hands in my pocket full time (just when I'm uncomfortable or not paying attention) so I think I've made some progress in not looking so tense.
6. How attractive are you physically? How do you perceive yourself in the mirror? I'd say a bit more than then since I tend to look and act more confident. Physically the same, but it's more percievable now.
7. Describe your complexion. Dark, light, clear, scarred? Exactly like back then, I have clear skin with (just like I said it would be) no scars. Acne finally took a flying leap off a short pier into a volcano, I get maybe a zit a month now and they don't stay long.
8. Describe your hair: color, texture, style. We had an experiment in letting it get grow out, but it epic-failed. I have impossibly hard to manage hair, which is now (and hopefully forever) kept short where it's supposed to be.
9. What color are your eyes? You know, I still have to get up to check the mirror for this one? This morning, they are EXTREMELY green. Hell if I know why.
10. Do you have any other noteworthy features? My really big ____. Nah, joking aside I don't have anything I'd say stands out physically.
12. What is your wardrobe like? Casual, dressy, utilitarian? Bright colors, pastels, neutrals? Is it varied, or do you have six of the same suit? Much more varied, Ace keeps me in stuff that actual people wear. Jeans and t-shirts are still the day off norm, but they're better and more varied.
13. Do your clothes fit well? Do you feel and look comfortable in them? I suppose, I don't really pay much attention anymore.
14. Does you dress the same on the job as you does in your free time? If not, what are the differences? Slacks and polos, job requirement.
15. You knew it was coming: Boxers, briefs or commando? Whatever's (mostly) clean. Or nothing, if it gets to that point.
1. What does your voice sound like? High-pitched, deep, hoarse? I don't really pay attention to my voice, but I'd guess it hasn't changed much.
2. How do you normally speak? Loud, soft, fast, evenly? Do you talk easily, or do you hesitate? A bit louder, a bit more confident. I still get mostly ignored so I guess not much louder. Or maybe it's just that everyone knows I don't say anything important.
5. Do you switch languages or dialects in certain situations? When cashiering for someone who speaks Spanish, I try to speak it. Best way to learn. I still do voices, though not quite as often.
6. Are you a good impromptu speaker, or do you have to think about your words? Same as back then, I plan ahead as I'm talking. I still speak pretty clearly most of the time, but I still get flustered in a rush.
7. Are you eloquent or inarticulate? Under what circumstances might this change? Eloquent, unless I'm not thinking or thinking of more than one way to say something at once.
1. How intelligent are you? Are you book-smart or street-smart? Book smart, though I've learn a (very) little about street smarts from Ace.
2. Do you think on your feet, or do you need time to deliberate? I still think ahead of time and come mentally prepared for most situations, even ones that most people didn't see happening.
4. What kind of education have you had? Same, but I'm now very close to getting that elusive high school diploma.
5. What are your areas of expertise? What, if anything, are you interested in learning more about? I've learned more about customer service, I can now claim to be extremely good at defusing irritated people and politely telling theives to fuck off.
8. How do you respond to new people or situations? Are you suspicious, relaxed, timid, enthusiastic? I take things in stride, I still have that paranoid part of me that keeps tabs on environmental weapons, but I'm more relaxed in public than I used to be. You could say the trouble radar is still on but now not EVERYONE in the room is on it.
9. Are you more likely to act, or to react? React, I'm not as confrontational as I used to be.
10. Which is your default: fight or flight? I have to worry about two now, so I'd be more likely with most situations to get out of them. On the other hand, if it affects Ace, I'd happily make sure the problem would have trouble walking for a few weeks (years) [ever].
12. Do you have any diagnosable mental disorders? If yes, how do you deal with them? I've come to doubt the validity of my Asperger's, or at least the severity of it. I still fall in line with many of the traits but I've made so much progress towards being somewhat normal that it's hard to say I have anything physically wrong with my brain. Just takes some real training to get it sorted out.
15. What are your hopes or aspirations? I'm working on physical training and getting my diploma to enlist in the United States Airforce. I plan to take a roll in inventing and fine tuning the next generation of technology for the military. It hinges on a lot of ifs and shot in the darks, but that's the plan.
16. What is something you don't want a family member or a friend to find out about you? Again, nothing I would write in public where it could be read.
1. Describe your relationship with your parents. I talk to my mom once in a while but really couldn't say it's often enough to be a relationship. Sad really, but I just get busy with life and don't think about calling.
2. Do you have any siblings? What is/was that relationship like? Younger brother, and I'd still take the bullet just to do it myself, the git is taking way to many chances with his life that'll set him up for trouble if he keeps going.
3. Are there other blood relatives to whom you are close? Are there ones you can't stand? Hell, I've got such a huge family... We're all close, save a few. I've gotten side tracked from them being this far away, but I still miss them even if I don't call.
5. Who is/was your best friend? How did you meet? Amanda, The Joker's Ace. You all know that story already I'm sure.
6. Do you have other close friends? My friends have slipped on by with their lives. I still talk to some of them once in a while, but not nearly as often as I should.
7. Do you make friends easily, or do you have trouble getting along with people? I've gotten MUCH better at making friends, especially with the Pathfinder group and all that.
8. Which do you consider more important: family or friends? Refer to this entire section. lol
9. Are you single, married, divorced, widowed? Have you been married more than once? Engaged, and married and remarried every day for two and a half years now.
10. Are you currently in a romantic relationship with someone other than a spouse? I'm with Ace, that's the only one I'm with or will be with.
11. Who was your first crush? Who is your latest? Same first crush, but of course Amanda is now here as the latest and last.
13. Do you have children? Grandchildren? If yes, how do you relate to them? If no, do you want any? I want kids, but right now it's hard to say when we'll have any. It requires cash, stability, and time. At least one of the three is almost always in flux right now.
14. Do you have any rivals or enemies? Not really anymore, life's gotten more peaceful.
15. What is your sexual orientation? Where do you fall on the Kinsey scale? Same as last time, I'm not attracted to dudes.
16. How do you feel about sex? How important is it to you? I can still take care of my own problems if need be, but it's nice to be with someone physically. It's a great way to spend time just being close to each other.
17. What are your turn-ons? Turn-offs? Weird bedroom habits? *Coughs* This list has gotten a LOT longer in the last couple years, but it's not all my story to tell so I'm going to let this one slide.
1. Do you know your astrological (zodiac sign? How well do you fit the type? I still don't hold to it really at all.
2. Is your religious, spiritual, both, or neither? How important are these elements in your life? I still don't really discuss religion, it's a hot topic that can cause way more problems than it's worth to talk about.
3. Do you have a personal code of morals or ethics? If so, how did that begin? What would it take to compromise it? Yes, and it's gotten a little longer. Not much longer, but longer.
4. How do you regard beliefs that differ from your? Are you tolerant, intolerant, curious, indifferent? I'm still very open minded and tolerant, and still want to beat the shit out of intolerant people.
1. What is your financial situation? Are you rich, poor, comfortable, in debt? Comfortable. I owe a few people, but they're assholes who screwed me over so I'm okay with it. We're not in any real trouble so I think I'd say we're good.
2. What is your social status? Has this changed over time, and if so, how has the change affected you? I'm definately not a political player, but I'm well liked by the people who happen to know me.
4. Besides the basic necessities, what do you spend your money on? I don't get much spending money, when I do I try to take Ace out for dinner. Occasionally I buy a book or something but I try not to spend much.
6. What are your interests or hobbies? How do you spend your free time? I read, play games with Amanda, run a D&D campaign. I don't write as much as I used to sadly. I wish I did.
7. What are your eating habits? Do you skip meals, eat out, drink alcohol, avoid certain foods? I've expanded my tastes a little, but I still hate fish and salad.
This section really hasn't changed much so I'm leaving it out.
Subject: Re: Tell the world about yourself!
» A Famous Medium passes into the Spirit World.
» GETTING TO KNOW THE PLASTICS THAT ARE KILLING THE WORLD = YOU AND YOURS!

1 - I want to see first the app working without registering, Can I do that?
Go to https://app.skedr.io/login and click on 'Demo Account' then click Login to sign in with our demo account. We have added 20 photos from Unsplash as a show case and we have created 4 groups with different restrictions.
We just share images to your groups. We don’t download, upload or modify any of your photos.
5 - Will Skedr send messages to any other member on my behalf?
Flickr’s API doesn’t have that functionality and anyway it’s out of the scope of the app.
We plan on the future to share interesting groups for your photos but it will suggest only. You will have to join if you want.
Flickr's API tells us that a particular photo has not been added to a group with the a code error. For the case we are using it is number 5. More information about error codes can be found here (https://www.flickr.com/services/api/flickr.groups.pools.add.html) .
Bind any tag of your choice to one or more groups. Every photo with that tag will be added to every group that has been tagged.
For example: If you choose #landscape to be bind to 3 groups related to Landscape photography when a photo with that tag is uploaded to your photostream it will be added to those 3 groups.
In order to add a photo to a group of your choice Flickr needs writen permissions from you account.
3 - How will I know what pictures are posted in which groups?
In the groups section you can view your last 40 images added to that group. Inside Flickr you can see each of your groups where your photo belongs.
4 - We need to upload our photos to Skedr.io?
No. We don't want you to alter your workflow. Whether you work with Lightroom, Apple Photos or any kind of Flickr Uploader you will continue working as you like. We just need you to use our feature Group Tagging
5 - My photos are not added to groups is something wrong?
We add photos every hour at 00. If you upload a photo to Flickr at 18:36 you will have to wait until next hour ( 19:00 ).
6 - Do I need to install any software?
2 - What is the purpose of Skedr.io?
The purpose is to be able to spend less time sharing your images in Flickr. Adding the same photo to groups with different Posting Limits may throttle your tries, so we are automating this for you.

I liked the bones but wasn't necessarily something I would pick for our house. However, it totally reminded me of a chair I saw on one of my favorite blogs (and I'm sure it's yours too) Young House Love.
I hope everyone has an amazing weekend! I'll be back on Monday with a fun lil office update!! (spoiler alert, I Instagramed a teaser a couple days ago. Feel free to follow: LittleHouseintheBigD)
I'm seriously drawn to them like a moth to a flame.
We already have two sets hanging in our house.
Read more about how I made this window into a picture frame HERE
Read about that find HERE... and, if you're interested, the link to our little frame wall HERE
So it should really surprise no one that when I found a mirrored window frame for $10 at a yard sale, I sprinted over to it, claimed it was MINE! MINE! MINE!, threw it in the back of my car and speeded off laughing menacingly I calmly approached it, asked if they would take $8 (they did), thanked them kindly, then gently put it in my lil SUV, waving as I drove off.
I know you can't really tell its a mirror from this picture since its just reflecting our fence on the other side (expertly installed by my amazingly talented and handsome husband).
I figured it might as well be worth a try.
The back of the frame was already set with a metal wire to hang.
But when Chris tried to lift it up, we both became concerned about the effect the weight would have (about 25lbs) on the wall.
I have never regretting buying a dog toy more in my life. Not only does he carrying it around with him EVERYWHERE, it has a mechanical sound chip inside (instead of a squeaker) that sounds like dogs barking... for about 10-15 seconds.
Rocky loves when Chris and I hold it or throw it for him, but he's VERY territorial over it with Gus... like a mama bear with her cub.
Rocky isn't what one would call a "sharer".
I seriously may have to hide it to bring back some peace and quiet to the house.
Chris ran out to the garage and found some hanging hooks that would hold up to 50lbs a piece (better safe than sorry, right?)
And installed them on either side of the window frame.
We next measured were we wanted it on the wall and approximately how high we wanted in relation to the ceiling and height of our settee.
Chris, bringing sexy back.... literally.
After both of us hung it, we stepped back to see if we liked it.
First thing we both noticed "It makes the room so much brighter!!"
It brings in a lot of natural light from the dining room without being too obvious.
I'm still a little on the fence if it makes that corner look too cluttered, but right now I think we both are liking it.
What do you guys think? I kinda like that it goes with the feel/theme of our home and is a lot softer than a hard piece of art or something else in that corner. I also think it make a big difference that I decluttered everything on the mantel.
P.S- If you would like to know more about our cute little settee and the story behind it, click HERE
The reason this post has a question mark is because I'm not 100% in love with it... so I'm not 100% sure it's staying.
Don't get me wrong, our old table in the dining room is probably the saddest little table ever owned.
Don't let the cleanliness, lack of clutter, and flowers fool you. The red stain was chipped (and showing through yellow?!) and the chairs were less than comfortable.
That being said, I bought this table off Craigslist for $30 when I first moved to Dallas (it was better than sitting on suitcases and eating on cardboard boxes (true story)). It may not be the prettiest table, but it definitely worked and when compared to our awful, uncomfortable, small couch/loveseat (which we want to replace as soon as we have the moola) so the table was kind of on the back-burner.
It came with 4 chairs, table, and leaf. It was in really good shape and I asked the host of the sale if they would take $100 (thinking they would counter at $125 which I was more than willing to pay so I could flip it for possibly $300 on Craigslist) but she agreed right out on $100! SCORE!!!
Sorry the pictures aren't very good. The sale was PACKED and I am SHOCKED that no one picked up on this table before I did!!
I called Chris to celebrate... .... ... and to ask him if he would help break it down so we could get it home.
I did mention he drives a Saab, right?... as in a SEDAN...
We were only a few side streets away from home so it wasn't nearly THAT bad.
What I DIDN'T expect is how much Chris would like the table. I knew it was in really good shape, but Chris LOVED it! I agreed to set it up in the dining room (if it didnt work out, I still would need pictures for Craigslist).
For me, I think its a bit too tall for such a small room.
Don't get me wrong, I think its a MAJOR upgrade from what we had! I even agreed to post our old table on Craigslist and keep this one to see if I would grow on me. (Spoiler alert: We sold it for $100 in one day which makes this whole table upgrade 100% FREE!!!)
Here's a bit closer looks so you can really see the wood inlay.
Its a gorgeous table, and I think we are going to keep it for now, but there are still two things that bother me.
- I think it would look a LOT better if our ceilings were just a foot higher, but I think the tall table just makes the room look a bit "shrunk".
- If we have more than 2 people over, we don't have any other chairs the same height. I'm thinking this might be remedied by getting a set of leather accent chairs to go at either end, but so far I haven't found anything. (UPDATE: We actually did find some AWESOME accent chairs on craigslist for $25 a pop! Click HERE to check them out!)
P.S- Tomorrow is the last day for the Home Depot give card giveaway. If you like free money, enter HERE.
Ok, maybe not Date "Night", but Date "Day Auction" sounds a bit "swinger-ie" for us... like we are looking for something besides tile and counter tops. (But if you're into that, its fine... to each their own...)
Anyway, as I posted last Friday, Chris and I go to this auction every time its in town, so it IS our sorta multi-annual date outing. If it wasn't for the AC going out on us a couple weeks ago, we would actually be in prep mode to start redoing the kitchen... alas, we cant start that until we pay off the new AC in full (our goal is by the end of the year if we are really strict)
So as we drove up, we had to kept repeating to ourselves that we were "just looking"...
Beginning of a bad horror movie? Could be...
"They thought they were going to an marble and granite auction... but they were actually being lured to their doom...."
However, once we got inside, we were greeted by one of the planners (a lady we talk to every time we go. She even told us she hoped she would see us this auction and thought about us when they announced they were doing another auction in Dallas... awww we made friends!) so we felt right at home and started looking around.
First thing that caught my eye were these beautiful 12x12 marble tiles...
Auction day, these went for $3.50 a sq ft... Chris and I thought they would look awesome in a bathroom.
Wouldnt really work in our house, but pretty fun and funky... (sorry I dont know how much these went for :-(
Next were some counter-tops that I've had my eyes on since our first auction.
Beautiful travertine (which would look AWESOME with our travertine tiles that are going to be on the floor). But Chris said the fact that the counters arent sealed or polished means they can be really porous which would be trouble down the line. (sigh)... I think these went for $250 for each 7ft slab.
I thought these would be pretty and bright in an entry way... .. ... of that mansion we are someday going to own.
Actually, now looking at the width of these, I think they are pavers... whatever they were, they were gorgeous... especially at a only $1 a sq ft.
Walking around, of course I wanted these.
Oh, and this sink to go with it....
Going back to stuff that was a little more practical, I thought these travertine tile mosaics were really pretty.
I liked the diamond pattern but wasn't too sure of how it would look with the tiles next to each other and grout in between.
We then started to look at some back-splash options.
I really liked the texture of these travertine subway tiles, but Chris added that they would be REALLY hard to clean if we ever got bacon grease or any food on them... (and of course we would)...
They had some other options of the travertine floors we actually bought last time...
At $185 a slab, I really liked these since they looked a lot lighter than everything else (our kitchen is so small, we need to keep it light and bright to make it look bigger).
My fear is that they would be too heavy... they are pretty though.
We were just about to leave, until I saw THIS and froze...
The heavens opened, the angels sang, and Chris said, "oh no, you saw it"... LIKE HE WAS TRYING TO HIDE IT!!!
True, I did made a big scene (squealed like a Bieber-loving-14-year-old, clapped my hands like a retarded seal, and ran over to give it a hug) but he still shouldn't have tried to hide them.
THIS is exactly what I want in our kitchen!
The white and grey tones would totally compliment our white cabinets and I think the marble look is sophisticated, elegant, and classic.
Well, not really, but I tried my best to plead to Chris about how these counter tops and back-splash would complete my life and I would never ask for anything again as long as we were married.
Sadly, it didnt work. He also reminded me of the $7,500 AC bill and we were NOT in the market for redoing our kitchen just yet.
I then tried to see if we could switch the topic by just getting ONE and doing the less expensive bathroom project first (using the counter as a bathroom vanity) and that ALMOST worked... But sadly went home empty handed.
If its fate, it will be there next time I guess. The counters went for $250 a slab during the auction and the backsplash for $7.00 a sq ft.
Price wise, the counters (with 3 corners already bullnosed) would have been $17.58 a sq ft, before fabrication and installation. Does anyone know how much that would cost? I know a lot of place's prices include the stone, all cut work, and installation, but has anyone ever just bought the stone then gotten it installed? If anyone has done this, I would love to know your take on the experience!
So what did you guys like best? The travertine flooring? My gorgeous marble counters? Or maybe you are into greek goddess busts? Also, if you have any questions about the auction, I would love to help and answer as much as I can for you!
P.S- Don't forget! The Home Depot gift card giveaway is still going on and runs through Thursday night... Click HERE to enter!
P.P.S- Anyone worried about Marble being a "soft stone" or not being good for kitchens, please read THIS... It definitely put our minds at ease.

An undercover 100 free black dating sites uk forms an alliance with a Native American to help. It's over for Zayn Malik and Perrie Blaci. News has learned the former One Direction star and the Little Mix singer have split and called off their engagement. How to Deal With Being in a Relationship With an Older Guy. All relationships have advantages and pitfalls.
Jun 27, 2017nbsp;0183;32;All will be revealed, as 100 free black dating sites uk ultimate endgame comes to light in the doven dating site of 'Pretty Little Liars'. Think you know who A. Recap here. The logical approach to get your ex back seems that you should tell them how much you care for them and how much datlng love them as soon as possible before its too late.
Nov 16, 2017nbsp;0183;32;quot;Much better, much more popular, much more user-friendly - USA Today quot;Simple enough that anyone can use it, versatile enough that … Good for Her. Looking for a discreet way to meet men you like in Victoria. On LadiesChoiceVictoria, only women can initiate contact, and your profile … Ive been dating a Ukrainian girl for about one bllack now. Throughout this time, Ive learned a lot.

Walking Through the Land of God's Promises (Part 6)

Hellsing – Nazi’s and vampires, physician what’s not to like? The story is meh, but it’s unapologetically over the top. Although the last episode is the main bad guy talking for about 40 minutes, which is boring.
Attack on Titan – A few of my coworkers told me about this one, and I’m glad I watched it. It’s basically about humanity trapped within walls, and on the outside are these huge humanoid creatures (titans) that will eat you. The story follows a group of three friends as they deal with their lives falling apart.
My Neighbor Totoro – Hayao Miyazaki’s classic where nothing really happens and it’s a totally feel good easy going movie. Here’s a good discussion of it on the incomparable. Then one of my coworkers told me that both girls are dead and totoro is a death god. What?
Been watching a lot of anime lately. Here’s the breakdown:
Blood + : I’m not sure how I like this one yet, this site but it does have it’s classic moments. It also has quite possibly the best opening to a show EVER. Here it is on YouTube, I’ll give you a hint, it’s at the 44 second mark.
Claymore: Another anime with beasts pretending to be human. Weird theme going on with me picking these two to watch at the same time. I’ve only seen 4 episodes, but it seems ok so far.
Mushi-shi: I saw this as an ad on AnimeNewsNetwork, and the ad actually worked in the fact that it got my attention. After looking at the reviews on ANN I decided to uh… obtain it. I’ve watched the first two episodes, and they’re pretty low-key, which is a nice change to the first two anime’s I mentioned here, where someone usually gets cut in half in every episode.
I’d like to write up a longer one after I finish watching the series, pathopsychology but for now, approved here is a short one.
I’ll get into it more later. I think I’ll start an anime category for this stuff.

Quality of the unit is fine. I had two issues with the lock.
First, is that is not compatible with a Mooney baggage door lock. This is not a fault of the manufacturer, it just didn't work in my application without major modifications.
Second, the key is double sided which means it is a pain to have a duplicate made. I wouldn't buy another just because of the double sided key.
Is the key turning radius 90 or 180 degrees?

The cost to develop an app depends on two things: a) what devices you’re developing for and b) the project type you want to build.
Before calling an app developer or a development team, first ask yourself what you’re developing your app for – iPhone, iPhone 4, iPhone 6, iPad, or fall all of this device? This will help you be clear about what you want and save a lot of time, energy, and money down the road.
Second, the cost of developing an app also depends on the project type you’re building.
The cost of developing a simple (table-based) app is anywhere between $1000 and $4,000, approximately.
You’ll have to provide the content, instructions, and examples of apps to your developer or developing a team. However, if you know Photoshop, you can create your own graphics and submit them to your developer or development team, which will help bring the cost down to $1,500.
The cost may further rise if you want to include additional features – social media integration, GPS locators, among others – into your new app.
The cost to build a database-driven app could range between $8,000 and $50,000. Again, you’ll have to provide everything – content, image, audio. The cost will further rise from creating logic for the app and architecting the gameplay and the usability.
The cost of game apps is very difficult to predict, but the standard cost ranges between $10,000 to $250,000. Did you know: Angry Birds cost $125k to $180k to develop?
According to some hardcore game developers, many racing games that use gyroscope will cost you at least $125,000. And that’s only for the code.
But the biggest advantage of developing a game app: they get more downloads than any other apps discussed here.
For marketers, nothing can be super viral than promoting an app game that is super fun to play.
So instead of worrying about “it’s so expensive building a game app,” think about “how much do I need to invest to make a FUN game app now?”
This will help you get the most out of your investment.
This feature allows users to buy full versions of your apps.
The cost – $1,000 to $3,000 – is spread into in-app purchasing, the complexity, and whether you’d like to build everyone into the first app or if you want to run it from a server.
The cost of having a web service feature into your app is somewhere between $1,000 to $5,000.
Rather than making changes to the code every time you make an update, the web services feature allows you to update content automatically using XML files.
Before using web services into your new app, talk with your developer or development team to save yourself a lot of headaches in the future.
This feature will cost you $1,000; it can be easily integrated with the SDK, thanks to Apple.
This feature – basic integration of social media (Facebook, Twitter) and emailing, as well as another type of integrations, such as WordPress website – will cost you additional $500 to $1,500.
The SDKs are vital tools that keep track of your app and help you generate more ROIs. It will cost you $50 to $200 to include this feature into your newly created app.
You can easily integrate any SDK for a relatively cheap price, but as you become more specific to your needs, it can get pretty expensive.
The app design plays a huge role on your overall ROIs and enhancing user engagement and experience. App designs convert a casual viewer to download your apps and make them feel more engaged. Therefore, investing in a good mobile app design is a sure-fire way to increase your profits.
Hiring a web designer to design a mobile app is your best option here; talk to a mobile designer who has a knowledge of the space restrictions (smaller screen size of mobile) and user flow.
And when you open this graphic package, you’ll be shocked when you find so many different design pieces included there – an icon alone requires around 4 different sizes for a universal app (that works on both iPhone and iPad).
Here’s the breakdown of your app design costs:
Expect the cost to be somewhere between $500- $10,000.At this price, you can easily get a base level design for your app. But remember, this simple design will not be done for retina display (as found on iPhone 4), as they require high-resolution files.
Send this design to your developer who will then add all the images in the code.
Tip: Rename the files in the package before sending them to your developer; it’ll help save both of your time and a lot of headaches.
Add 25% extra to the above cost to make your app compatible with iPhone 6+. All the images will be resized at 2208 x 1242px, which is more than 2 times the 640x 1136px sizes for iPhone 5.
For iPad, add an extra 50 % to the above cost; we assume the layout and user flow is very similar. In most cases, you’ll also have to consider creating alternate functionality to accommodate for the iPad size and speed, which, of course, requires new designs.
IPads often contain retina images, which are big in size. Keep an eye on the file size of your code when developing.
The entire package should also include all the icons. If you need, ask for screenshots from the designers.
We’ll say it again – do not cut corners on design; you’ll have much difficulty recuperating your investments later.
So, the total costs of your app would be…
You’ll pay $99 to Apple as an annual fee to list your app on Apple Store – no hidden fees.
Each time you make an app sale, Apple will then take a 30% cut.
Think about spending your money on three things: app development, app design, and app IT architecture (hosting your app on servers, etc).
So the total cost of an app will vary based on all these variables listed above.
Of course, you can find a company that’ll do everything for you for $1,000 or so, but you’ll have to keep an eye on the quality and how much control you’ll have over the entire process.
For now, forget about how much you’ll pay to develop an app.
Instead, ask yourself what strategies and features will bring you the highest returns on investment.
Even if you let your app sit in the store for a year or two, taking some time for app marketing and tracking progress on a regular basis will help you recover your investment easily.
Take a look at this app, for example, it costs only $2,500, drives about 3k new visitors to a website every month, with average time on site more than 400% than website visitors.
The numbers given above are highly variable – they may either go up or go down depending on many things – but remember, as the competition will go up, the cost of developing an app will come down.
For now, avoid falling for a story of a high school teenager who says he/she can build an app like Angry Bird for just $1,000. Also, be careful of companies demanding $250k to develop a simple database driven app; you don’t want to feel that you just paid a quarter million dollars for an app.
And lastly, remember, if you’re going to spend that amount of money, better be prepared to get something incredible.
What do you think? How much will it cost to develop and app? Please comment below.

How would you describe your relationship with plants?
We consider the plants that share our house, balcony and studio, along with Aru our dog, as part of the family. We speak to them and grow really attached to them.
Recent scientific researches have proven that plants can move, communicate, react to external stimulus, even have memories of past experiences! This new awareness necessarily brought about a new and more respectful attitude towards them. Our Phytophiler projects simply go in that direction: they are not do-it-all tools – they don’t water for you, they don’t feed the plants for you – because we wanted to bring people closer and make them more engaged with the plants.
How do you see your role as product designers when it comes to plants?

We have welcomed many artists, actors, musicians, builders & writers aboard The Butterfly Ship since we began in 2013. We are ever thankful for their contributions, and the collaborative creations they make possible!
Some of their work has been generously donated to our project in the interest of cultivating inspiration in ourselves, each other, and our communities. Some of the organizations that have supported our work with donations of time, space and services are:
Caroline Mannaerts is an artist and avid cyclist. She is an artist, and the author of the story upon which The Butterfly Ship is based. Learn more about her artwork here: http://carolinemannaerts.blogspot.com/
I stand before you with my shadow at hand.
Sophia Elizabeth is a Bay Area poet and performing artist with a background in child development, dance, and philosophy and describes herself as "a self-expressionist and motivational messenger." She is intrigued by emotion, order and chaos, the stability of beauty in pain, and the constant need for change as she writes about individual growth and universal acceptance. As an outgrowth of her various interests, she seeks to help others express themselves through the art of being seen, heard, and understood. Find more of her work at www.sopoetry.com or via Facebook: PhiaMeSo.

This whole season may just have to be a wash for the Blue Jays and Bisons. It's not what either of them expected.
The Bisons are careening to their 12th straight non-playoff season spanning three parent clubs. A team that started the season 13-5 and was still eight games over .500 in early June just put up the most losses in any month in its history.
The constant run of injuries in the big leagues has drawn a lot of scrutiny from the Toronto media because it seems counterintuitive to the Jays' initiative of having a new "high performance department." Some things are flukes. But all the muscle pulls seem like they could be more preventable than they are. And the trickledown effect really hurts in the minors.
One disappointment that's really hurt at all levels is the wrist surgery for top outfield prospect Anthony Alford. He was lighting things up at Double-A New Hampshire batting .325 and the Blue Jays wanted to give him a brief look. He would have then come to Buffalo and ostensibly anchored the lineup. But he's yet to arrive and the season has gone down the drain.
Enjoy the beer, hot dogs and Celery's quest for a victory this summer. The standings are shot as far as the Bisons go. Again.
"He's obviously frustrated. Whenever anyone steals seven bases, Miggy gets frustrated," Rizzo said. "It's his second time barking in the media and not just going to his teammates. It's something as a veteran like he is, you'd think he'd make smarter decisions about it.
"When you point fingers you're a selfish player. We have another catcher that throws everyone out. "This is all over TV last night. Now I gotta talk about it today. We win as 25 lose as 25. To call teammates out? What’s the point?"
Good point. There's an old phrase in sports about keeping things in house. Montero didn't abide by it and he's gone. He should have known better.
The Braves had no use for a 44-year-old pitcher so they designated Bartolo Colon for assignment. But the Mets certainly need another arm and a reunion seems more than a little plausible.
"The reality is that I've been getting hit hard and that's the truth and you can't dance around it," said Colon, a 15-game winner last season.
Gose's last four outings, however, have been impressive: Five hitless innings with eight strikeouts and no walks. A high school pitcher in California, Gose has reportedly been in the high 90s at several points in his stint.
---The Indians continue to be concerned with the health of manager Terry Francona. For the second time this season, he left a game early last week and turned over the reins to bench coach Brad Mills because he was feeling light-headed. Francona underwent a battery of tests to rule out any serious illness and said it was a case of his blood pressure dropping. At age 58, Francona has had knee and hip replacements, and it's reasonable to wonder how he will do traveling to the All-Star Game in Miami and returning to his normal gig rather than taking those four days off.
---Ichiro Suzuki started a game in center field for the Marlins last week, making him the oldest center field in history. Elias Sports said Ichiro, at 43 years and 246 days old, broke the record of Hall of Famer Rickey Henderson. He was 43-211 when he made his last start in center for the Red Sox on July 24, 2002.
Jamieson, an Ontario native, was a Double-A Southern League all-star in 2014, when he batted .298 at Mobile. He was the Metro Atlantic co-player of the year in 2011 and a three-time representative of Team Canada, including a gold medal at the Pan An Games in 2015.

Get in touch with the largest companies that have the most experience in the entire Bay Area for your vehicle's wrap job today. Our installers can assist you with the following services near you:
and much more, get a quote today for your wrap job now.
Shopping around for a competitive quote or have you recently found interest in wrapping your vehicle after seeing an image on social media? Our company has the largest network of installers in South San Francisco, giving you the opportunity to have multiple quotes from multiple agencies.
Our team of experts can help you with:
Here's Why You Should Wrap Your Car
Protecting the paint of your vehicle is priority! Ask any expensive or exotic car owner and they'll tell you that protecting the paint job is what matters to them the most. So why should it be any different for your vehicle? On top of that as one great reason why you should use our services, here's a few more:
Protect the life and beauty of your original paint job.
Cheaper and more durable than ordinary paint.
Fully customize the look of your car with vinyl.
Our network of vinyl wrap technicians are quality tested and evaluated by our own in-house process to ensure the highest quality of customer service. With that being said, here are the cities near South San Francisco that our vinyl wrap installers service:

Sidra Medicine is proud to host its fourth annual Functional Genomics Symposium from 8-10 December 2018 titled “Big Data to Clinic”. This year’s symposium will provide an opportunity to discuss cutting-edge advances in genetics, genomics and “big data” in the field of medicine.
The “Big Data to Clinic” Functional Genomics Symposium will bring together a cross-disciplinary set of speakers who can address all aspects of genome variability and function, with a specific focus on the genetics of disorders affecting children.
Gain oversight regarding the assessment of the functional consequences of variants in the human genome that appear to be associated with a clinical phenotype.
Have an appreciation of the translation of genomic knowledge in the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of rare and common genetic disorders of infancy.
To achieve these objectives, the symposium will be organized in nine sessions that will be held during the three days.
The sessions will explore the following topics:
The Functional Genomics Symposium is directed towards physicians, nurses, pharmacists, healthcare policymakers, scientists, academic researchers and students involved in the field of biology, genomics, genomic medicine, genetics, cancer, and other chronic diseases.
The Functional Genomics“Big Data to Clinic” symposium will have a mixed format of invited speakers and oral and poster presentations selected from the submitted abstracts. We expect a large and highly competitive submission of abstracts on the different topics of the symposium.
For more details, program schedule, speakers and abstract guidelines, please visit: http://events.sidra.org/event/functional-genomics-big-data-to-clinic/

The rock on this image I thought of as being an elephant. Seen from behind.
And then our guide was taking a rest while we were looking for birds.
We continued to a wetland. And I was unlucky, I got stuck on a root, stumbled, ans fell to the ground. Nothing broken or was hurt. Except for my pride of course. Never happened before. Well, this turned out to be a great little pond with nice waders and other waterfowls. Red-kneed Dotterel was among them.
We were passing a lot of plantations which I think was apple trees. Covered with nets. Probably protection against too many birds. We also made a stop at a mast for phone. That´s where I heard bellfirds the first time.
I was tired and fell asleep with the computer in my knee. No shower that evening :)
I'm glad your foot and ankle were not hurt from your falls. That was another very long day in my opinion but you did see some good birds. The King Parrot in the setting sun is especially nice.
Those boulders are certainly huge. Sorry to hear about the fall, but glad it was just your shoe causing the problems and not something more serious. You seem to be enjoying your travels in my Australian world.
Your guide made for an interesting character shot.

At the meeting of May 20, 1767, "On a motion made it was agreed unanimously, That no copy of any minute or minutes of the Convention, be given to any person except a member, without a particular order of the Convention."
It should also be stated that the letter of Dr. Stiles to the Secretary was not the only animadversion made upon the course pursued by the Convention. An attack had been publicly made upon the Convention, which had drawn out a letter in its defence from the Secretary, published in Mr. Game's Gazette of Monday, March 28, 1768, being as follows:0
"AN ADVERTISEMENT TO THE PUBLIC.
In this case the most positive proof is insisted on, nor will the respectable public be put off with a poor, simple, "We are told" which is nothing to the purpose.

In this tutorial, we learn how to get big bouncy curls like Kim Kardashian. First, have straight and clean hair and heat up a 1.5" curling iron. Now, section your hair off and start with the bottom half. Wrap your hair around the curling iron, then after 15 seconds release the ...more
In this tutorial, we learn how to create a Kim Kardashian-inspired cat eye makeup look. Start by using a nude color eyeshadow on the eyes and tape to create an edge on the outer corner of the eye. After you do this, apply a white shadow underneath the eyebrows to create a high ...more
Love the makeup styles of Kim Kardashian? Then you might like this makeup tutorial, which shows you how to recreate her looks. This Kardashian-inspired smokey eyes look uses minimal product, so you don't need to load up on the cosmetics. It's a simple look, perfect for any occ ...more
You've probably seen tutorials on YouTube before on how to achieve Kim Kardashian curls, or Victoria's Secret waves, or the hair look of the fashionable deviants on "Pretty Little Liars," but why go through so many tutorials when they're all really the same thing? Check out t ...more
In the Age of the Smokey Eye, women who get glammed up with red lips and cat eyes are endangered species. Fifty years ago you would have seen nothing but, yet today the predominance of Kim Kardashian smokey eyes and nude lips has made anyone wearing red lips a wonder. Which i ...more
TGIF. What better day to take a break from the week's dwindling grind? Below, a video demo plus instructions for indulging in a little tech-aided vanity during your next water cooler hiatus. An iPhone is necessary, so if you don't have one, find a co-worker stat. 1. Buy & Down ...more
It's been a rough week for Instagram. First they came out with a new terms of service that suggested the right to let companies use people's photos for advertisements without the user's permission. Then everyone started freaking out and debating whether or not to leave the onl ...more
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have fittingly named their second child "Saint," but I'm sure you don't care about that—and neither do I. Unfortunately, regardless of our pop culture interests, we're forced to know these types of stupid facts because the internet is so densely p ...more

The war may be forgotten but the warrior will always be remembered !!!! All gave Some-Some gave All. Rest in peace Alden. :-(

The project culminated in an exhibition, which took place in the UCT psychology department on 1 June, where participants displayed their photo stories, thereby taking ownership of their own narratives.
[Text above reads] “As a Trans person, much like the sea-snails’ trail in this photograph, I struggle to find direction on my journey sometimes – in terms of transition as well as life-wise and career-wise. My path through transitioning feels like it has been going in circles for years, and whenever I get close to progress I somehow end up going in the complete wrong direction.”
What does it mean to be a young trans person in Cape Town?
For the past year, Pitcher has been facilitating a PhotoVoice project with a group of trans young adults.
“This specific project focused on young trans people’s experiences, about what it means to be a young trans person in Cape Town today,” Pitcher explained.
Pitcher’s project forms part of a larger effort within the Department of Psychology to work with young people on matters of identity, gender and sexuality. They favour the PhotoVoice method, which brings to the fore the knowledge and experiences of young people in relation to their identities.
“We find that much of the research being done by psychologists and other social scientists tends to produce knowledge from an adult perspective that centres adult questions and ways of working,” said Associate Professor Dr Floretta Boonzaier, who supervised this project.
“PhotoVoice projects aim to create spaces where those who have historically not been given a platform can share their experiences through photography and storytelling,” said Pitcher.
In this way, PhotoVoice presents a challenge. It allows for the world to be viewed from perspectives that differ from those who have traditionally been in control of narratives.
The project was run as a collaboration between the Triangle Project – a Cape Town-based non-profit organisation offering services to protect and promote the human rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, intersex and queer (LGBTIQ+) people – and UCT, a partnership that was brought together by the UCT Knowledge Co-Op.
“When we were approached to be a part of this project, it was a natural fit,” explained Matthew Clayton, the Triangle Project’s research, advocacy and policy coordinator.
“It is about letting people control their own narratives and shaping conversations and, especially for LGBTIQ+ people, shaping those conversations away from what other people want to speak about (sex and death, for example) is very important,” Clayton said.
“Our project doesn’t claim to represent all young trans people in Cape Town or South Africa. We worked with a very small group of people, and it is just an insight into their experiences at a particular point in time and in a particular social and political context,” said Pitcher.
The project, which culminated in an exhibition in the psychology department on 1 June, aims to disrupt and hopefully change the way trans bodies are spoken about within psychology and psychiatry.
The exhibition serves two purposes, Pitcher explained. “Firstly, to create a space where young trans people can share their photo narratives and represent their identity on their own terms. Secondly, exhibitions are visually powerful events that can contribute to awareness around social issues and facilitate change.
“I think it is very significant that this exhibition is taking place within the psychology department, because psychology and psychiatry as disciplines have very problematic histories with trans people and trans bodies and identities, in terms of pathologising them. That is still something that is very much ongoing today.”
Pitcher’s hope is that this work will contribute to more affirming research.

KU Children's Services is proud to announce the official opening of their new office in Victoria.
The Tree House has celebrated their 10th anniversary of providing quality early childhood education and care t...
The Annual General Meeting of KU Children’s Services will be held on Tuesday 22 May 2018.
KU Lance Children's Centre has been rated in the top 1% of early education services in the country by ACECQA.

Interesting post, John. I rarely hear poetry read aloud and I completely don't think it's better that way. I think it totally depends on who's performing it.
I do enjoy listening to poetry out loud (my Billy Collins CD is great!) when the poet or performer is skilled. But even then, I want/need to have the written word to refer to, then or later. I can't absorb nearly enough from audio versions--whether live or recorded--to take in a poem to the extent that I want to. And I've heard some poets whose work I love read those same poems, and had it be quite a letdown.
Thanks for getting my brain thinking about this!
I enjoy poems both ways - on the page and aloud. Reading them aloud myself is sometimes good, too - I get to read and hear them that way.
Can you do me a favor and shoot me an email at kelly at kellyfineman dot com so I can contact you about the CYBILS? Finalists have been named, and I'm going to set up a Yahoo! group for judges, but I'll be needing info from you for that. Thanks!

Kate Winslet and Idris Elba are strangers who must rely on each other to survive after a plane crash.
If you like seeing beautiful people stranded in remote wilderness and struggling to survive, then “The Mountain Between Us” is going to be the fall movie for you. Marking the English-language debut of Dutch-Palestinian filmmaker Hany Abu-Assad, who has been nominated twice for Best Foreign Film at the Oscars, the survival drama stars Idris Elba and Kate Winslet as strangers who must rely on each other after a plane crash leaves them stranded on a mountain top.
The official synopsis from 20th Century Fox reads: “Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across hundreds of miles of wilderness, pushing one another to endure and discovering strength they never knew possible.”
“The Mountain Between Us” is scheduled for release on October 20. While it doesn’t look like it will be an awards player, the combined star power of Elba and Winslet should make it an attractive bit of counter-programming for adult moviegoers. Watch the trailer below:

Sony Ericsson today announced the launch of Xperia PLAY, the world’s first PlayStation certified smartphone will now go on sale in shops in the UK, Germany, Netherlands, Austria, Switzerland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Russia, Hong Kong and Taiwan with further availability in an additional 6 markets over the next 2 weeks.
In addition Asphalt 6 – the latest instalment of one of the leading and top-selling racing games will be available for free exclusively on Xperia PLAY.
The range of games available to download at launch is a combination of original PlayStation titles, well known 3D titles that take the full advantage of the graphical capabilities and controls of Xperia PLAY as well as popular casual games all optimized for the unique game pad.
The phone is priced at 649 Euros (around $907) off contract and unlocked. ~43K INR. I would prefer to buy a gaming laptop instead of buying this expensive phone.

other guys were unable to put out the fast-spreading fire. Two
helicopters over 100 fire fighters were required to get this under control.
were required to get this under control.
and two other guys were unable to put out the fast-spreading fire. Two
If that's really his reasoning then he hasn't got a clue. Yesterday I
This one in 2017 was caused by a failing E-bike battery. Kept 70 fire
You had to squeeze your levers almost the whole time?
coasted back down a hill with a friend and a nasty hail storm set in.
He had disc brakes and could always stop on a dime. I was on my road
them partially engaged almost the whole time to make sure I had enough
Disc brakes are simply superior in that and many other domains.
a way down the 2km descent to home. I didn't notice any grinding noise.

Many families enjoy re-telling the events that happened around the time that someone was born – the mad dash to the hospital, nervous pacing in the waiting room, funny names that your parents almost gave you.
This year for two nights we are going to talk about Mary and Joseph’s journey, too!
Let’s consider the realities of Jesus as a baby – a real, live, crying baby with demands to be fed and comforted. Let’s enter into the challenges and mysteries that faced Mary and Joseph as they prepared for and welcomed their son – God’s son.
Sometime this December, enjoy a few quiet moments together with your loved ones as you invite Jesus to be born in your home, in your family and in our community.
GATHER your family around a table or other flat surface.
INVITE the children to arrange the figures and other items in the basket (and even the basket itself) into a scene.
What are the things that families do to get ready for a baby?
Any preparations Mary and Joseph made were interrupted by their need to travel. Mary might have brought along the cloths that she used to wrap Jesus; they used an animal feeding trough as his crib. Do you think Jesus’ birth happened in a way that Mary and Joseph expected? How does it feel when things don’t happen the way we expect them to?
God’s Son, Jesus, did not come in the way anyone expected him to. What might the people in Bethlehem have done differently if they had known it was Jesus, the Messiah, about to be born in their town?
Additional questions to ponder with older children and adults:
Imagine how Mary and Joseph must have felt as they found there wasn’t room for them. What kind of pressure was Joseph under? What fears might Mary have had?
GATHER your family around the scene that was created the previous day.
INVITE the children to pack the figurines and other items back into the basket and offer a prayer for the next family who will host them.
Additional questions to talk about with older children and adults:
Read Philippians 2:5-11. Verse 8 tells us that Jesus “humbled himself”. What did Jesus give up when he became not only a human but a baby? What do we learn from this example about what humility looks like?
Tonight we asked the question, “What kinds of things do babies do?” I’m sure the list included some pretty “earthy” things. For every stage of Jesus’ life we could make a similar list. He got tired, hurt, sick, and sad. What is your gut reaction to this list? In what ways does it fit or not fit with your ideas about who Jesus is?

When I try to post a request for an item, the request window flickers and gets smaller and smaller until it's just a narrow little strip.
I am having the same issues, been happening now for several days. Been unable to post anything.
For several days now i've been unable to post. When i click on an item to post for help it just pops up, flickers and only shows top line of box. Does not allow me to post for any help.
"Post" screen goes up and down, then gets smaller. Cannot post for anything on FB. Every time there a new quest, something goes wrong.
There have been issues for a while now and just going to have to be patient until they are all worked out with posting items for the Wall posts on Facebook or even Zynga.
There are many threads already on these issues so keep watch with those as well
Hello, Farmers. This is now being investigated by the team and they're working on fixing it so you'll be able to post for requests again. We'll update you through our Hot Topics article as soon as this gets resolved. Thank you for understanding.
Patience all. Not everything can be fixed at a snap or when you want it to be.
Don't count on them providing the help for the quests or extending them. They won't do it. Could be issue is something on your end and not necessarily Z's with the Frame issue or anything.
Yes this issue not being looked at fully to work who knows if someone just doesn't like us being able to do what we were doing and thought we had it to easy to ask for items in the Temp Feed or something on Zynga side
Yes, it's a known issue, the workaround has been posted on the forum several times in great detail. I think most of the guides have since been deleted by Moderators. You are able to retrieve the link via the developer tools if you know how to use them.
Alternatively, you can just post your profile link in the Temp feed, so friends can visit and click for the items.

You can keep up to date with the latest Paym news, press releases, statistical updates, videos, factsheets and infographics here. Or why not follow us on Twitter, or like our Facebook. If you are a journalist and need further information about Paym, or to request an interview, email press@paym.org.uk to speak to the press office.
Almost 2 million millennials are hoping to pass on their old paper £10 notes by using them to pay back money that they owe their friends, according to a new survey published today (Thursday 1 March 2018) by Paym, the UK’s mobile payments service.
According to the research, across the UK population as a whole, 1.95 million people (3% of respondents) would try to use their old £10 notes to settle IOUs with friends. Amazingly, they are almost all millennials – more than a million (1.22 million) are 18-24, with a further 600,000 people aged between 25-34.
The survey results also show that 10% of people will attempt to spend their old notes in shops, 44% will attempt to exchange their notes at a bank while, 1% say they will simply throw any old notes into the bin.
More than 40,000 tenners are now sent every month using Paym, the easy way to pay friends using just their mobile number. In total, more than 1 million individual £10 payments have been made using the service since it launched in 2014, with some of the most popular reasons to send money including paying back for a meal (15%) or chipping in for petrol money (18%) or bills (20%).
“Paper tenners go out of circulation after 1 March, so remember to spend them before then or exchange them at a bank. And if you want to go cashless that’s no problem either – Paym lets you pay back friends and family using just their mobile number, whether it’s for £10 or more.”
3. Hot toddy– It is traditional to serve whisky but you can make a cheaper twist on this by making pitchers of hot toddy with a cheaper whisky, all you need to add is honey, lemon and water. Here is a simple recipe.
4. Free entertainment– the timetable for the evening and the poems and toasts you need to read out are all available for free online, why not just bring them up on your tablet computer to pass around? You can also access lots of free traditional Scottish music on YouTube or on a music streaming service like Spotify if you already subscribe.
5. Dessert– A money saving idea is to ask your guests to bring along a dessert each and lay them out at the end so that everyone can help themselves to a bit of what they like; you can also ask any guests who are particular about their whisky to bring along their favourite one to share.
You know the feeling, pay day is coming up and you realise that you are down to your last few pennies again; you said this month would be different but you couldn’t help getting those concert tickets, and you just had to celebrate your bestie’s birthday!
What you want to do is make little savings everyday so that at the end of the month you have a nice little stash to either save or spend, but how to go about it?
We don’t just want advice, we want tried and tested methods, and that’s why we have put together a round-up of the best money saving millennial gurus, so you don’t just have to take our word for it!
Jenni is a millennial financial blogger who won’t tell you all the things you can’t do to save money. She prides herself on money saving tips while still making sure you can enjoy your day to day life and not deny yourself enjoyment. The main thrust of her blog is trying to save for a house deposit in youer twenties, so check out her advice on what pitfalls to avoid about her journey so far.
By now we have all heard the one about ‘millennials spend all their money on sandwiches and avocados’ but as eating is something we do all the time, it is definitely a place to look and see if you can save a few pennies. But we’re not suggesting you have baked beans and plain pasta for every meal, Maggie from the blog ‘The Millennial Menu’ focuses on simple affordable recipes that you can whip up quickly. She even has hints and tips to make your money go further and which kitchen items are the best value.
Remember Paym is the simple way to send money to your friends and family using just their mobile number; find it in your banking app. www.paym.co.uk
Christmas is over for another year, time to clear up the wrapping paper, finish the last of the turkey leftovers and pack away those socks you’re sure your brother re-gifted to you from last year! One problem, January is a looooong month and you’ve got to make your money go further because you can’t turn down every party invite to stay in watching Netflix.
But don’t panic, if one of your new year’s resolutions is to become more money savvy and to start saving on the side then these five tips are for you:
This one might be an oldie but it’s still a goodie, working out a budget is the best way to keep track of all of your incomings and outgoings. See where your money is going each month and actively decide which spending you may be able to cut down or avoid at all, for example that second Starbucks Latte today. And the best thing about it is; No bad surprises at the end of the month.
If you didn’t know about this, allow us to let you into a secret: You can get cashback on almost anything now! This means you can literally get money back when you are purchasing items you would be buying online anyway, just by simply making an extra click through one of the many cashback websites.
Don’t make purchases without checking cashback options. Websites such as www.topcashback.co.uk or www.quidco.com will guide you on how to get some money back with your purchases. Cha-ching!
Make sure you clear as many of your debts as you can, before you start saving. This may just be money that you owe to friends and family. They might not charge you interest, however, it can still cause unnecessary stress. The easiest way is to pay them back is using Paym. Quick, easy and debt-free.
Debt free? Now you can start putting some money aside each month with much more ease.
In an ideal world, it is recommended to save one-third of your income (yeah, right!); we know that isn’t always possible, but every little bit counts. Check the bank accounts that will reward your money the most and start saving. Use it as a savings account only.
Yes, that’s a thing! Before buying anything, you should ask yourself these questions:
Can I afford it? If that is also a ‘no, don’t even dare thinking about purchasing
Can I get it cheaper anywhere else? If you have answered both of the questions above with a ‘yes’, check online if you can find a more reasonable price. (and don’t forget cashback!)
8 Food Delivery Apps to help you Hibernate through the Winter
It’s cold outside and you’ve got several hungry friends turning up in 30 minutes… draw up that duvet and relax. Our recommended food delivery apps will help you get through these cold winter months AND win brownie points with your mates.
Serving customers across the world, Deliveroo allows you to eat top quality food from the best restaurants in the comfort of your own home.
Just Eat’s nemesis, the hungryhouse app allows you to order food for takeaway or delivery from more than 10,000 restaurants, all over the UK.
UberEats delivers restaurant quality food locally across the UK until midnight, seven days a week. There’s no minimum order – good for those of you who just fancy a nibble.
New kid on the block, Amazon Restaurants was set up in 2016 to deliver super-fast food, specifically for Amazon Prime members.
London’s late night food delivery service, FEAST, promises to deliver food from the best 24 hour restaurants through the night.
If you’re looking for something a little more exclusive, Henchman is London’s luxury concierge app. No riff raff please! The service is available to invited members only.
DON’T’ FORGET! If you’re not eating alone, make sure you’ve registered your mobile number with your bank and/or building society to enable fellow hibernators to pay for their share via Paym.
It’s the most wonderful time of the year full of fun, festivities and of course Bublè!
But let’s be honest, while it might look perfect in all those festive films, Christmas can actually be a massive stress and put a serious dent in your bank account. If you haven’t started your Christmas shopping yet (and let’s face it who has? It’s not even December yet), you’re probably still trying to figure out how you can make sure those last few pay cheques cover everything.
Well, do not fear, we’ve put together seven money saving tips for your Christmas shopping that will leave you feeling flush this festive season. After all, you need to make sure you’ve got some money left for the New Year’s celebrations!
Lists just make everything better, especially when it comes to shopping, and apps such as “Manage Christmas – Christmas Gift List Manager” can be a Godsend.
The app helps you to create lists for your Christmas shopping by adding all the things you are planning to buy for everyone, adding a budget and ticking off the items as you go, as well keeping track of the all-important money. No more getting overwhelmed and panic buying presents you don’t need.
Maybe your mum really liked that handbag she (not so subtly) pointed out while you were shopping the other day, but it’s a teeny bit outside of your budget. Well, don’t just settle for something second best, why not partner up with someone in the family, and split the cost? That way you can put a smile on mum’s face on Christmas morning, and you won’t be completely out of pocket. And to make sure they pay you back straight away let them know about Paym, so there are no awkward conversations around the Christmas dinner table. Further details on Paym can be found here: www.paym.co.uk/
You might be a bit past the age of giving your parents a painting (complete with some dried pasta detailing) to proudly stick to their fridge for Christmas. However, there are some handmade gifts that can be really thoughtful and personable, and also save you money. So dig out the glue gun and scissors and check out some of the best inspirations on Pinterest. www.pinterest.co.uk/explore/diy-christmas-gifts/?lp=true
There are always secret voucher codes waiting to be found that could save you 5% – 20% off your online purchases, you just need to know where to look. So do your research before ordering online and look at what’s available (we know this isn’t the most exciting task but think about the savings!). Or you can subscribe to voucher code sites, such as www.vouchercodes.co.uk and www.hotukdeals.com/vouchers, and receive regular updates with all of the latest deals.
As hard as try you can never be 100% sure that you will hit the nail on the head with the gifts you have chosen, so instead of wasting your money why not play it safe AND do some good! Consider charity gifts. Take the amount that you would have spent on a physical present and donate to a charity, in the name of your friend/family member. Pay it forward this festive season. Choose your charity here: https://www.presentaid.org/
New research from Paym, the UK’s mobile payments service, has found that one third (33%) of stag and hen do organisers were not paid on time by party participants attending pre-wedding celebrations, with the average amount owed at almost £250.
Long gone are the days when stag and hen parties involved a night at the local pub with a bag of chips for dinner. Nowadays stag and hen dos can take a whole weekend to celebrate. In the past year, almost 1 in 5 (18%) people partied in Europe. For the rest, London was the most popular single UK destination for both stags (11%) and hens (5%).
As destinations have become more ambitious, the stag and hen do shopping list has become longer including items such as travel, accommodation, day and night activities, and last but not least, themed outfits. It comes as no surprise in that case that the average cost of a stag do per person is £140 with the average cost for a hen party coming in slightly more at £146… a lot of money if you’re having to pursue multiple partygoers for payment!
Average cost of a stag and hen do per person, by region:
Chasing stag and hen party members for money is often a thankless task, especially once the fun’s over, but according to Paym’s survey, this may all depend on where you live. Guests from Scotland were least likely to pay on time for activity costs, whilst those from Greater London took the top spot for reliability when paying on time.
Who performs best for paying on time for stag and hen parties:
It’s no coincidence therefore that stag and hen party revellers from Greater London were also found to have the greatest awareness of Paym (36%), the simple and secure way of making or receiving a payment using just a mobile number. Paym is already included in fifteen banks and building societies’ apps, so there’s nothing new to download to be able to use a phone number to pay straight from one bank account to another, and there’s no need for any sort codes or account numbers.
So one more important addition to the organiser’s ‘pre-do’ checklist is to make sure you’ve registered your mobile number with your bank to enable party participants to pay via Paym. You never know, next time you might just receive 100% of payments on time. To register now, go to: Paym.co.uk.
“Hen and stag parties have become a firm fixture of pre-wedding celebrations, and the pressure is on for organisers to please brides and grooms-to-be. Costs can mount, especially for those arranging travel and activities. But with mobile banking more popular than ever, there’s little reason why organisers should have to chase for payment from stag and hen party participants.
Paym enables more than 20 million customers of fifteen banks and building societies who use mobile banking to securely and quickly pay back friends, families and small businesses using just their mobile number.”
As a subtle reminder to stag and hen do revellers, Paym has launched a video showing how it can make or break a late payer’s pre-wedding celebration experience. An infographic illustrating the findings in this press release, is here.
2,600 adults aged 16+ were interviewed from 27 June to 6 July 2017 via Online Business Survey, undertaken by TNS, for this story.
Nine in 10 (87%) flatmates find living with a couple creates negative feelings when it comes to money
New research from Paym, the UK’s mobile payments service, has found almost nine in 10 (87%) flatmates believe living with a couple creates negative feelings, particularly when it comes to finances. And over a quarter (27%) state having to discuss finances with a couple is more awkward than in a more traditional flatshare.
While couples may be adopting a ‘what’s mine is yours’ approach, other not so loved-up housemates can end up feeling out of pocket with over a third (38%) saying that living with a couple makes dividing bills more complicated.
Friends or partners who stay in the house but don’t contribute 18%
Having to pay for something you don’t use (e.g.TV sports package) 15%
People who never chip in for one-off payments (e.g. buying food for shared Sunday lunch ) 12%
Flatmates who stay at home during the day but don’t contribute more to utilities than others 11%
With over half of Brits (53%) using their mobiles to discuss finances with their flatmates, technology can also be used to help the payback process, ensuring the financial burden is balanced across singles, couples and guests – with minimal fuss and chasing. Paym allows you to pay back flatmates, friends and family at least £250 a day via your banking app using just their mobile number.
“By using mobile numbers, which many of us know already or have in our contact list, Paym allows you to immediately pay back and be paid back the exact amount, without having to resort to running tabs, IOUs or arguments.”
Group chats – With over a quarter (26%) of flatmates finding the awkwardness of asking to be paid back for bills their biggest issue, group chats using mobile messenger services can be an easy way to broach the conversation without confronting or targeting one particular person.
Create a calendar – A shared calendar to remind everyone when big bills are due means the responsibility isn’t left to one person.
Communal can be convivial – Don’t forget that sharing can be fun, why not try organising a weekly flat meal to get everyone together and enjoy the perks that come with sharing a home?
They say don’t sweat the small stuff, but the study found the source of most conflict in flatshares is the small, informal bills. Over a third (36%) state not being paid back for little things (such as bin bags and washing up liquid) is their biggest grievance.
Surprisingly, the research in partnership with Next Big Thing found that forgetting to pay back flatmates for more significant bills – such as rent and utilities – caused less upset with this only ranking as the third (25%) biggest issue up and down the UK.
The awkwardness of having to ask housemates to pay a bill 26%
These more informal and irregular costs may seem like small change but they can soon add up with over a third of house sharers (36%) losing out between £11-25 a month and almost a fifth (18%) losing over £100 or more a month.
Eventually, flatmates can pay even a higher price with over one in ten (13%) experiencing such tricky situations that a housemate has had to move out.
With over half of Brits (53%) using their mobiles to discuss finances with their flatmates, technology can also be used to help the payback process. Paym allows you to pay back flatmates, friends and family at least £250 a day using just their mobile number, ideal for sorting those bills both big and small.
“While paying for utilities and rent are the bills we rarely forget, our research shows it’s not these big bills that cause problems. Small items such as milk, bread and bin bags – that are often too insignificant to mention – are usually the cause of the greatest conflict for flatsharers in the UK, as these costs can add up surprisingly quickly”
Group chats – With over a quarter (26%) of flatmates finding the awkwardness of asking housemates to be paid back for bills their biggest issue, group chats can be an easy way to broach the conversation without confronting or targeting one particular person.
Communal can be convivial – Don’t forget that sharing can be fun, why not try organising a weekly flat meal to get everyone together and enjoy the perks that come with sharing a home.
5 Money Saving Tips for 2018 10th January 2018
8 Food Delivery Apps to help you Hibernate through the Winter 29th November 2017
Bank of Scotland’s ‘Pay a Contact’ is part of ‘Paym’. Send and receive personal payments using a mobile number through their online banking and mobile banking services.
Pay and be paid through your mobile number with Paym from Santander. This service is available to you if you use Online and Mobile Banking.
To start the download, read the terms and conditions and accept them at the end.
Whilst not an exhaustive list, the Paym Mark can be used on any App, website, social media, point of sale, email, business card or any other printed literature related to your business to indicate that the service that you provide can accept payment using Paym.
Save as set out in these Acceptance Terms, you may not copy, reproduce, transmit or otherwise distribute the Paym Mark without the express prior written consent of the Payments Council. To obtain such consent, please contact enquiries@paym.co.uk.
You must only use the Paym Mark available from www.paym.co.uk in the format that you download it in and in accordance with these Acceptance Terms.
You agree to indemnify Payments Council and keep it indemnified from and against any costs, losses, liabilities, expenses, claims and damages arising from or in connection with your use of the Paym Mark other than in accordance with these Acceptance Terms.

Not really sure because I'm just trying to do what hasn't been done before. Plus, my stuff is just all over the place when it comes to region.
The consequences are completely gone if everything is just erased at the end. I don't like the idea of this new thing having some "matter of fact"...

Propping up enterprises had become an urgent issue in the face of stagnant production, increasing inventory and falling profits.
«Many companies have also used capital unreasonably, with many firms using short-term capital for long-term investments ….»

Winnipeg faces significant demographic changes in the years ahead, both in terms of our overall population as well as our cultural diversity. Embracing those changes and building an inclusive community will be essential to ensuring our city has a strong future.
According to the report, Winnipeg ranks 6th among Canadian cities when it comes to immigration, stating, “The Toronto area receives the largest share of Canada’s immigrants. In 2013, Toronto saw approximately 81,800 immigrants, followed by Montreal (43,950), Vancouver (29,450), Calgary (17,505), Edmonton (12,717), and then Winnipeg (11,100).”
This growth and diversity is a great thing, as Winnipeg can be a positive example to Canada, and the world when it comes to embracing diversity, respecting our Indigenous heritage, and building a diverse and equitable community. However, as we have seen, there is more work to be done to get there. Just recently, a Winnipeg day care was targeted with racist pamphlets. Additionally, the well-known Maclean’s article on racism that created an intense amount of discussion demonstrates that Winnipeg faces some challenges on the road to achieving our full potential.
While addressing prejudice and promoting inclusivity is important first and foremost because it is the right thing to do, it is also going to be essential to the economic prospects of our city.
“Migration has become an increasingly important factor for population growth, and Winnipeg’s ability to attract new migrants will continue to be an important determinant of its future economic potential,” the report continues.
Indeed, it is clear that Winnipeg’s future economic prospects will depend on new Canadians.
“Winnipeg is expected to attract an average of more than 9,500 net international migrants each year from 2012 to 2035. Although the population will age as baby boomers retire, increased levels of immigration will help support growth in Winnipeg’s labour force.”
With these facts in mind - and while remaining aware of the struggles our city faces - there is reason to be optimistic about the future of Winnipeg. We have many leaders who are stepping up and taking action to create a better view of our city.
This, as well as the One Winnipeg initiative, are important steps to embracing openness and inclusion in our city. As leaders continue to step up, we have every reason to believe that the future of Winnipeg will be bright and hopeful.

Time Period: Every Night, Every Day
Area of Influence: As far as you can see from Bryce
The first star to appear may actually be a planet, but it is soon followed by Vega, Arcturus and other bright stars. Two hours after sunset comes the combined light of over a billion stars, all too distant to be seen individually by the human eye. Behold, the Milky Way! This stellar strip of light is only a portion of one of our galaxy's spiral arms. What does an entire galaxy look like?
Look to the north. Draw a line from Mizar, the middle star in the Big Dipper's handle through the North Star eastward past the zigzag-shaped constellation of Cassiopeia, and you will come to a tiny fuzzy cloud known as M31. This is our sister galaxy, Andromeda, the largest and most distant object visible to the naked eye, measuring 110,000 light years in diameter!
What are the consequences of Bryce Canyon's air quality and viewshed preservation efforts? You'll probably need a flashlight while walking around our visitor center, our campgrounds, and even the Lodge area at night. If you're visiting us by tour bus don't expect your coach to be air-conditioned (or heated depending on season) upon your return from viewing an overlook. In an effort to preserve both natural quiet and air quality, our Park Rangers are instructed to fine tour bus operators $50 (at minimum) for leaving bus engines running while parked.
On the plus side, Bryce Canyon offers special Ranger Programs about the night sky throughout our summer season, where our staff will be overjoyed to share with you the wonders of a dark sky.
Even the National Park Service struggles to comply with these efforts. In rural settings, forest fire smoke is a chief source of air pollution. New air quality guidelines are confounding our prescribed fire efforts. In an effort to maintain healthy biologically diverse forests, we have to be careful not to obscure the world class scenery and viewsheds we are also charged with protecting.
Another form of air quality that we monitor is natural quiet. In key places throughout the park, we have equipment recording background noise to establish a baseline. The next question we will soon be facing is "What should a National Park sound like?"

Happy Weekend! While I recover from a few days of shooting new Missions I thought I'd share with you the latest episode that aired yesterday. If you're looking to shake up your summer work attire, this should definitely give you some inspiration. My favorite option is the striped shorts suit :-) Hope you enjoy!

So I have no problem attempting to explain complex things to him, like the large-scale electronic structure theory and the manner in which it can provide potential energy surfaces and force fields for simulating intricate chemical processes important to technology and biological chemistry.
“Don’t you think that’s a little too advanced and time-consuming for a 1-year-old?” my wife asked when I set out to convey such a complicated dissertation to our baby.
“Maybe,” I said. “But I’m not telling him he’s too young to understand. That’s belittling.”
As Memorial Day drew near, my now 9-year-old son has been talking about what the last Monday in May means. In particular, he spoke of proper American flag etiquette. He thought flying our flag upside down was only a sign of disrespect. He also thought that burning our flag only meant hatred for our country.
My son’s well-being is my sworn duty, and I shall not rest, I promised at his birth, if he is ill-informed. My mission: To answer his 3 million flag questions, even though I might not have the answers.
“No, no, no,” my wife said to me. She knew we all were in for pain if I submitted to this dialogue. Or she just had a honey-do list she wanted me to work on instead.
A honey-do list it was. It seemed like an easy enough list to finish.
Who was I kidding? The two-day American flag discourse was much easier.
“So,” I said to my son, “you want to know more about Old Glory, eh?”
And just like that, we were on our way.
After a brief, 4-hour origin story about Old Glory, my son went in for easier questions like: Can the flag be flown at night? (Only if it has satisfactory illumination.) What if you don’t have satisfactory illumination? (Raise the flag at sunrise and take it down at sunset.)
Then, to set the kid straight on a few things he learned in school, I told him the flag could, in fact, be burned, but only during proper flag-burning procedures as a means to retire a weather-beaten or otherwise tattered Stars and Stripes. The flag could also be flown upside, but only as a distress signal.
My son was no dummy. He had no problems understanding what I was saying.
The more difficult questions were yet to come. But I rose to the occasion. With great oratory skill, I made my son understand the importance of the American flag.
“I don’t get the importance of the American flag,” he said.
We were getting nowhere. How do you explain that type of symbolism to a 9-year-old? How do you explain why service men and women have chosen to die for that symbolism?
I didn’t have the courage to continue. My wife, you see, was giving me dirty looks, her list not anywhere closer to being finished, the day much closer to being over.
I walked the kid down the street to talk to Mr. Anderson, who’d served in WWII. He’d explain.
Mr. Anderson’s explanations were way over my son’s head.
“Mr. Anderson,” my son finally said, “I assure you that when me and my daddy display our American flag, we will do so ceremoniously in honor of those who died for this great nation and our American way of life. And we’ll lower the flag at sundown, for we do not have satisfactory illumination.”
Back home, as I did the chores from my wife’s honey-do list, my son asked what we were doing on Memorial Day, besides raising the flag. After Mr. Anderson’s patriotic sermon on the flag and Memorial Day, I couldn’t possibly suggest cheapening that message with swimming, barbecuing and the Indy 500.
“How about,” the boy suggested, “we go swimming, have a barbecue and watch the Indy 500 like we did last year . . . in honor of those who died for this great nation and our fun, American way of life.”

This design will help you to build your next e-wallet or mobile banking applications. It consists features you need: Authentication (login, register and forgotten password), Home page, Transactions history, Searching, Mobile Top-up, Transfer Money, Gifts, Profile and Setting, Alert...
Suitable for any business that focuses on the fintech application developments - one of newest trend in the world. If you’re Telco, Payment Startup, Commercial Company... – this is a design exactly for you.
Note: All images are just used for Preview Purpose Only. They are not part of the template and NOT included in the final purchase files. All images are downloaded from Pixabay with a FREE license.
For any query, Please feel free to write me at [email protected]. I would love to help you. I am also available for freelance work.

If you and your team are bought in on the value of testing and are running experiments often, you’re probably no stranger to the hypothesis.
In other words, hypotheses are absolutely essential to getting value from every experiment you run. If you’re just getting started with A/B and multivariate testing and are looking for a guide to writing your first test hypothesis, start with this post.
Why focus on learning to create a problem-centric hypothesis? In working with customers, we’ve found that a lot of companies dive straight into conducting tests, without first having an understanding of what they want to achieve, or which problem(s) they are actually looking to solve.
The following steps will help you craft your hypotheses carefully and set you on the road to testing success.
A great hypothesis should begin with the problem, not the solution. Examine and try to understand the difficulties your visitors are experiencing, which buttons and pages are being ignored, and then think about how it can be solved. That is the substance of a winning experiment, not testing colors or placement of CTAs on a whim.
For example, are your visitors being bombarded with too many options and too little content? If the conversion rate is low, it could be because there’s too much information to be useful to the visitor on a given page. The solution could then be to remove non-critical content in order to minimize distractions and make the path to checkout or product discovery much clearer.
The next step, and arguably one of the most important, is to understand what you are looking to accomplish with your testing strategy. Is the goal to increase subscriptions, revenue, or leads? Where does your main source of revenue come from? You can’t determine strategies or tactics for testing until a goal has been decided upon.
For example, if your goal is to increase revenue for an e-commerce website, you might want to start by examining your cart checkout rate. Strategies to achieve this goal could include emphasizing the primary call-to-action (CTA), minimizing distractions in each checkout step, or building a sense of urgency for customers to complete the checkout process.
Testing tactics could then be changing messaging, removing non-critical content, and promoting temporary offers. The results of these testing tactics would all contribute to generating a better understanding of what changes can be made to increase the checkout cart rate and therefore increase revenues.
Testing requires freedom, and freedom will only come once a testing culture has been established within a company. Many of our customers have different obstacles to overcome on their journey to developing a testing culture. For instance, a financial services company we work with must have every customer experience change approved by senior staff. On the opposite end of the spectrum, there are companies that have so much testing freedom that senior teams would consider changing the company’s branding if it increased conversion.
If you’re less than optimistic about how you can create a data-driven culture of testing and optimization, here’s inspiration from organizations around the world that have made the transition:
It’s important to examine all possible areas for change, leaving no stone unturned. It is only once all possible tests have been conducted that it can be decided where the changes on the website should be made.
Most optimization programs are started with experiments that only include two variations on a single variable: red or blue, button or no button, an image with a model or without one.
However, as organizations expand the scope of their experiments and test more variables, they see dramatic improvements test performance—we recently found that testing five variations can nearly double your split testing win rate! Don’t be afraid to explore several ideas within one test to see which can generate the biggest improvement.
For more resources on crafting hypotheses, check out the following articles:
The insights above were presented at an Optimizely User Group in London. User groups are held periodically in major cities in the United States and Europe, and are open to optimizers regardless of which testing or personalization platform they use. Find an upcoming user group in your area and join us!

Description : Sasha Grey got into porn by typing "porn agents" on Google. We could say she found the business and not the other way around. "Well Sasha, what are you gonna do for me today?" asks Brandon. " I'm gonn...
Description : Just by looking at Andrea Anderson, you can tell that this babe doesn't have much experience with sex...let alone with Porn. And that would be your mistake to assume that, because this slut is a lot h...
Description : Brandon does it again as he brings us the lovely redhead slut Mylie Moore. This babe has got some serious attitude when it comes to sucking cock, and Brandon can tell right away that this is going to ...
Description : Annette is told by one of her neighbor that a sexual predator is on the loose and that she should be carefull. Even though she stays inside, he finds her and fucks her vividly. After the incident, the...
Description : Presley Maddox is a very pretty nineteen years old girl with an amazing butt! She's only been in the business for two days and has never been with five guys before. "What makes you want to be with fiv...
Description : Presley Maddox is in front of a chinese restaurant looking at the menu. "What are you looking for?" Brandon asks her. "Creamofsomeyoungguy..." she replies, a naughty look on her face. "Oh, i've heard ...
Description : Lela Star is THE nicest girl to have graced this site!! Believe me guys, she left me speechless when my eyes fell on her. She's twenty-one, she grew up in miami, she's 5' tall and weigh 85 pounds. Whe...
Description : Kara Mynor is a lovely 5'2'' eighteen years old cutie. "What do you feel like doing today?" Brandon asks her. "Sucking dick, lots of it." she says. "Can we just give you one?" Brandon presses on. "No,...
Description : Have you ever seen a babe as fucking hot as Mia Lina? Honestly, she has the face of an Angel, the tits of a Godess, and the ass of...I don't even know, it's just a really tight ass! Brandon and his bu...

All six of these players now have until July 15 to let the Habs know whether or they accept the offer. Those who opt to reject the offer would then go to salary arbitration.

I ask because this is an area which you must also work on.
I swim hard through-out the year (NB I play polo so it's a bit different for me!) and include drill sessions (maybe one every two weeks) as I need them. This also depends on the volume of my bike/run training - if I am concentrating on that side more I'll do more drill sessions. This is too little IMHO (should be one a week or more) but there's not enough hours in the day...
It helps cos when you're training the next year, you can know after certain sessions that you're say, 5s off your 200m pace, so you're maybe 40s off your 1500m PB of that time last year.
So you can see two types of training on the same set but which one do you want?
Its also very easy to get tired and do 10x100m with say 30 secs rest when the first 100m took 1.30 and the last took 1.50 what are we working there?
You need to work hard on the swim!!!!!!!!
Not really sure what I should do and when so it's a bit of a hotch potch and only time will tell if it works!
Nothing wrong with doing drills in the latter part of the session its a good time and will help correct stroke problems when tired.
Take care when doing the big swims as a bad stroke will become a better bad stroke if you let it. Try allways to think and feel whats happening to the stroke even when you start to get tired.
Other ways are to break the swim down into 400 or 500 blocks with only a 15 second break for a quick drink sip and re set of your mind, and my own fav: sprint every 4th length...very hard, but if you train the same you stay the same.
I'm also anxious not to revert to my old stroke and try and 100% work on the new stuff but think this next training block before lesson 3 will be crucial and will try not to get too frustrated if things don't happen quickly!
I like the idea of a length flat out every 4 or something similar and may well give it a go tomorrow morning. This morning was my first swim post lesson 2 and think I'm getting the high elbow on recovery ok but the bent elbow in the catch/pull bit is tough for me to do somehow...I was chuffed to improve my kick drills (without board) so I can breathe and continue rather than stand up and gasp and then carry on!!
I had some swimming lessons in September and said that I would focus on my stroke until Christmas. Christmas has been and gone so I am now concentrating on speed, well how long it takes anyway. I now look at the clock when I do things (e.g 8x 50m on 1:00, 4 x 100m on 2m, 2x 200m on 4m, 1x 400m on 8m and then do the same back).
I don't like doing personal best attempts as they tend to hurt. However, I am getting quite a good feel for how hard I have to swim to get a particular time.
Saying that though, I have twice tried to see how far I can go in 30 mins. Both times, I made a deliberate attempt to swim comfortably with bilateral breating (i.e. I was going quite hard but not flat out). The first attempt at 30mins was in October, the second last Sunday. All that practice has paid off as I was 9% faster, which I was chuffed with.
My aim now is to focus on being able to keep that pace for a whole hour and then get 5% faster over the next seven months.
I I now look at the clock when I do things (e.g 8x 50m on 1:00, 4 x 100m on 2m, 2x 200m on 4m, 1x 400m on 8m and then do the same back).
The T30 swim is a standard timed swim and very usefull to see improvements on an endurance swim but I prefer to do them no more than once every 6 to 8 weeks the other long swims are never more than 500m a block but many of them.
I swam twice a week before work and ran and cycled at the weekend.
That was it, four sessions a week, so swimming really was for fitness.
Since then, you have both reviewed my technique and it does needs work.
But I have no pool time available to me where I can drill effectively.
So I have been forced to compromise on the improvements I can make.
I have worked hard to change / improve my technique by drilling / practise.
But only as part of my club’s session, not in a dedicated technique session.
So I have to accept that this is not being done in a very efficient manner.
The moral of my story is simple, compromises are a fact of my triathlon life.
I am trying to fit my training around a small family and they must come first.
I am not is a position to achieve perfection, but I can still make improvements.
I prefer to do them no more than once every 6 to 8 weeks
Sounds good to me. I left it 3 months and I am not going to rush doing another one.
I know I have areas to improve on but I am quite proud of my technique. I have spent quite a long time (since June with the TI DVD and then swimming lessons) practising it.

RICS is a professional body that accredits professionals within the land, property and construction sectors worldwide. We regulate and promote the profession; maintain the highest educational and professional standards; protect clients and consumers via a strict code of ethics and provide impartial advice and guidance.
What's the process, cost involved and the accrued benefits to RICS accredited professional in the Real Estate and Construction segment?
To achieve MRICS, the candidate must undertake the Assessment of Professional Competence (APC). The level of assessment will depend on the candidate’s professional work experience and education.Fellow (FRICS)
All RICS members (MRICS) are eligible to apply for fellowship subject to the rules of conduct for members. Professional standards have never been more important. Clients around the world are demanding greater certainty and seeking professionals who work to the highest standards.
An RICS professional qualification demonstrates that the certified professional works to the highest standard of excellence and integrity. It also offers them a genuine competitive advantage.
Project management is the management of people, time and costs by an individual or a team to ensure the efficient commencement, progress and conclusion of a project. All these elements apply to construction projects.
Project Management Consultants manage projects by using their knowledge, skills and experience. There is a need for project management consultancy because most organisations face shortage of specialized staff and consultants can help execute projects in a short time frame.
What are the challenges and opportunities before the project proponents in India?
When the project proponent is a contractor (in the construction space):
When the project proponent is a client of the government:
Challenges: Government clients can face many challenges with regard to government regulations, safety laws, finance availability and multiplicity of taxes.
Opportunities: There are several opportunities for both proponents if they streamline their operations. They can get more value for their services and can have an edge over others.
We do not measure this as such but RICS accredited professionals are considered as experts in their respective fields so it does make a significant difference.
Have you done any study on how large projects are managed in India? Could you share with us some actionable insights about your findings?
We do studies from time to time but we do not share the findings unless it is a published report.
The Government of India is laying emphasis on building 100 smart cities in India. What is your take about the demand/supply scenario for project management professionals in the changing realty and infrastructure space?
It is a well-documented fact that the real estate and construction sectors face the highest shortfall in skilled professionals partly because there are not many educational institutions that offer specialised courses on real estate and construction sector. Meeting the demand for skilled professionals will be quite challenging.
Project managers in the construction industry are responsible for planning and managing building projects, such as refurbishing a house or building a skyscraper. Their responsibilities include design, procurement, planning authorities, budget, contractors, clients, change, the lifecycle of the project, document management and other areas, to ensure that the construction project reaches a desired conclusion.
The trends in project management are across verticals such as people and IT systems, machinery/equipment.
People: Organisations are looking for people with project control skills, value engineering skills, and use of alternate sustainable materials, multi-disciplinary approach and knowledge.
IT systems: Knowledge of IT systems such as Enterprise Resource Planning, project management software such as Candy, Primavera, use of computer systems such as Geographic Information System, 3D/5D modelling, virtual walkthroughs and holographics.
What kind of future do you see for RICS in India?
We see a steady demand for RICS professional chartered qualification (MRICS) going forward. In the last eight years, the total number of applicants for chartered qualification has reached 30,000 with close to 3,000 chartered members and trainees operating in the region.

INCLUDES FRESH BAKED BREAD, COFFEE, TEA &SODA

According to government figures, PPPs in the UK have delivered £56 billion of private sector capital investment in over 700 UK infrastructure projects around the UK. The range of different projects that can potentially come under the PPP remit includes schools and housing, university student accommodation, defence projects, waste management, border control, street lighting, energy projects (including solar), as well as transport infrastructure and healthcare.
PPPs are designed to use private sector businesses to bring projects to life in the UK that might not otherwise make it off the drawing board and to deliver better value for taxpayers than pure public funding alone. Some PPPs have not achieved this and they have provoked fierce discussion as a result – however there are also some great examples of PPPs all over the world that demonstrate what can be achieved with public and private collaboration.
In the UK, the first ever PPP contract signed to design, build, and finance and operate a 1,000-bed hospital in Norwich was signed in 1996. The hospital was completed five months ahead of schedule and came in on budget.
In the US, one of the biggest and most high profile examples of a successful PPP project was the $3.91bn deal to build a terminal at New York’s LaGuardia Airport.
In Bangladesh, a Health sector PPP initiative was responsible for upgrading and running a total of 60 haemodialysis machines in two public hospitals to help the 400,000 diagnosed with kidney-related diseases every year in Bangladesh.
In Pakistan, renewable energy PPP projects have enabled the government to bridge the country’s the gap in energy deficiency and help to reduce the pressure on deteriorating balance of payment conditions due to massive oil import bill.
There are three major types of PPPs currently in use:
Concession contract PPPs. This type of PPP brings in a private sector business to provide a concession on behalf of a public authority. The most obvious example of this would be something like a toll motorway.
Institutional/Joint Venture PPPs. Although previously not as widely used, this type of PPP is becoming increasingly popular. It involves the creation of a joint venture between a private business and a public authority with responsibilities and benefits on both sides of the agreement.
What are the benefits and advantages of PPP projects?
Diversifying the funding sources that are available. The evolution of PPPs is increasingly providing a much wider range of equity and debt financing that can be channeled into improvements to the infrastructure and services that the public enjoys. Without the PPP vehicle this kind of financing would simply not be an option for public infrastructure projects.
Swifter completion. While there are plenty of examples of PPPs that have run into trouble with delays etc, when a project like this runs smoothly it is an efficient and swift way to deliver construction that could otherwise take double the time. This is particularly important where the project involves urgently required infrastructure, whether that’s transport for commuters or healthcare for a desperately sick demographic.
Local authorities are cash poor in the UK – particularly at the current time – and so public infrastructure housing projects are often stalled or simply never launched. There may also be substantial red tape involved in the launch of construction that is to be purely publicly funded and this can cause a lot of delays. PPP projects in the housing sector can help to solve both of these major issues, introducing value for money, up front capital, as well as the opportunity to deliver projects more quickly to try to catch up with ever-increasing housing demand.
Enabling funding for a much wider range of housing projects
Many people believe that it is innovation in construction that will deliver a solution to the housing shortage – not something that is frequently found in publicly funded projects. PPP has the potential to diversify the range of different projects that can be launched because of the shared risk. From rent-to-buy through to new and innovative affordable public housing schemes, a partnership between forward thinking private interests and public authorities looking for housing solutions could generate many more options.
There are many private sector bodies available to enable PPP housing infrastructure projects, from volume house builders through to housing associations, co-operative housing and community land trusts. So, PPPs provide access to resources, expertise and innovation – as well as investment – on a much broader scale. This offers the opportunity for housing sector collaborations to genuinely add value in a way that a purely publicly funded team may not be able to do.
The future of PPPs has to begin with the mistakes of the past
The reality for infrastructure projects is that, if you remove PPPs from the picture altogether, rates of project completion slow down and the number of projects that are possible drops significantly. The issue of lack of resources remains, no matter what industry or public opinion says about PPPs – and these public private collaborations are (with some tweaks to the model) the most obvious way to overcome that obstacle.
PPPs have a lot to offer the construction world and, with a new approach, could be more effective than ever.
If you are looking to discuss your construction project with industry experts then contact a member of our team.

I simply want to tell you that I am just all new to blogging and honestly loved this blog. Probably I’m likely to bookmark your site . You really have really good writings. Bless you for revealing your web page.
Thank you for sharing superb informations. Your web site is very cool. I am impressed by the details that you¡¦ve on this website. It reveals how nicely you understand this subject. Bookmarked this web page, will come back for more articles. You, my pal, ROCK! I found just the info I already searched all over the place and simply could not come across. What an ideal web site.
I simply had to thank you very much once more. I’m not certain the things I might have sorted out without those methods documented by you relating to such a theme. It had been a real scary circumstance in my view, however , finding out your professional style you handled that took me to weep over delight. I’m thankful for your service and then sincerely hope you know what an amazing job you’re putting in educating some other people thru your websites. Probably you have never come across all of us.
obviously like your web-site but you have to take a look at the spelling on several of your posts. Several of them are rife with spelling issues and I in finding it very troublesome to inform the reality on the other hand I¡¦ll certainly come again again.
Thanks so much for giving everyone remarkably pleasant chance to read from this website. It’s always very lovely and jam-packed with a good time for me personally and my office peers to search your web site at least thrice per week to read through the newest guides you will have. And lastly, I am just at all times amazed for the astonishing advice served by you. Selected 4 tips on this page are surely the very best we have ever had.
of course like your web site however you need to test the spelling on quite a few of your posts. A number of them are rife with spelling issues and I find it very bothersome to inform the reality on the other hand I will surely come again again.
What i don’t realize is if truth be told how you’re no longer actually a lot more smartly-appreciated than you may be right now. You are very intelligent. You know therefore considerably with regards to this topic, made me in my view consider it from a lot of varied angles. Its like men and women don’t seem to be involved unless it is something to accomplish with Lady gaga! Your personal stuffs excellent. At all times take care of it up!
Thanks for some other informative web site. The place else may just I get that type of info written in such a perfect method? I’ve a project that I’m simply now working on, and I have been at the glance out for such information.
I have been browsing online greater than 3 hours these days, but I never found any fascinating article like yours. It is lovely worth enough for me. Personally, if all site owners and bloggers made excellent content as you did, the internet can be a lot more helpful than ever before.
whoah this blog is excellent i like studying your articles. Keep up the good work! You know, many persons are hunting around for this information, you can help them greatly.
I simply wanted to thank you very much again. I am not sure what I would’ve made to happen without the entire aspects documented by you regarding such a field. It was actually the troublesome circumstance in my position, nevertheless observing this specialised tactic you handled that made me to cry over gladness. I’m just grateful for the service and thus believe you recognize what a great job you happen to be carrying out educating other individuals via your web page. I am sure you have never met all of us.
I genuinely enjoy reading on this internet site , it contains good content . “Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.” by Rudyard Kipling.
I’ve been surfing online more than 3 hours these days, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It’s lovely price enough for me. In my view, if all webmasters and bloggers made good content as you probably did, the net will likely be much more helpful than ever before. “Revolution is not a onetime event.” by Audre Lorde.
you are in point of fact a just right webmaster. The site loading pace is amazing. It kind of feels that you are doing any distinctive trick. In addition, The contents are masterpiece. you have performed a great activity on this subject!
I actually wanted to compose a brief comment to be able to express gratitude to you for all of the precious instructions you are posting at this site. My time-consuming internet lookup has now been rewarded with incredibly good content to write about with my companions. I would assert that we readers are very blessed to dwell in a decent network with many brilliant professionals with good hints. I feel really lucky to have come across your entire website and look forward to many more thrilling times reading here. Thanks again for all the details.
Hi, Neat post. There’s an issue along with your site in internet explorer, might test this… IE still is the market leader and a huge component to folks will leave out your magnificent writing because of this problem.
magnificent issues altogether, you just gained a logo new reader. What would you recommend in regards to your post that you just made some days in the past? Any sure?
I not to mention my friends came checking the nice suggestions on your site and immediately came up with a terrible suspicion I had not thanked the blog owner for those techniques. All of the guys happened to be as a consequence joyful to see them and have certainly been taking pleasure in those things. Appreciate your actually being indeed thoughtful and then for figuring out varieties of important areas most people are really wanting to understand about. My sincere apologies for not expressing gratitude to you earlier.
Thank you for sharing superb informations. Your web site is so cool. I’m impressed by the details that you’ve on this website. It reveals how nicely you understand this subject. Bookmarked this website page, will come back for extra articles. You, my friend, ROCK! I found simply the information I already searched everywhere and simply couldn’t come across. What a great web site.
I do consider all of the ideas you’ve presented to your post. They are really convincing and can certainly work. Still, the posts are too brief for novices. May you please lengthen them a little from next time? Thanks for the post.
I truly wanted to compose a comment in order to thank you for these lovely items you are sharing on this site. My long internet research has finally been rewarded with high-quality strategies to write about with my contacts. I would point out that most of us readers are very lucky to live in a very good community with many brilliant individuals with helpful tricks. I feel very much grateful to have encountered your entire webpage and look forward to so many more exciting moments reading here. Thanks a lot once again for a lot of things.
I would like to show my gratitude for your kindness in support of women who require guidance on in this area. Your very own dedication to getting the solution up and down became unbelievably productive and has truly permitted girls just like me to attain their targets. Your entire valuable recommendations means so much to me and far more to my office workers. Thanks a ton; from everyone of us.
Just wish to say your article is as astonishing. The clearness in your post is simply cool and i can assume you’re an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission let me to grab your feed to keep updated with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please carry on the enjoyable work.
I enjoy you because of all of the effort on this web site. Kate loves doing investigations and it’s obvious why. My partner and i know all concerning the lively means you deliver very important steps via your blog and increase participation from website visitors on the concern then our favorite simple princess is actually studying so much. Take pleasure in the remaining portion of the new year. You are doing a splendid job.
Hello, Neat post. There is a problem together with your website in web explorer, might check this… IE still is the marketplace leader and a big element of other people will pass over your wonderful writing due to this problem.
It is actually a great and useful piece of information. I’m happy that you simply shared this useful information with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thank you for sharing.
Whats Happening i am new to this, I stumbled upon this I have found It positively useful and it has aided me out loads. I am hoping to contribute & assist other customers like its aided me. Great job.
One other issue is when you are in a circumstance where you do not have a co-signer then you may really need to try to make use of all of your money for college options. You’ll find many funds and other scholarships or grants that will ensure that you get funding to help with university expenses. Thank you for the post.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossips and internet and this is actually annoying. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for keeping this web site, I will be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Cant find it.
I and also my buddies were found to be following the great techniques found on your website while immediately I got an awful suspicion I never thanked the blog owner for those tips. My guys became as a consequence passionate to learn them and have certainly been using those things. Many thanks for turning out to be simply accommodating as well as for selecting this form of great subject areas millions of individuals are really needing to be aware of. Our own sincere regret for not saying thanks to earlier.
I just could not go away your web site before suggesting that I really loved the standard info a person provide in your guests? Is gonna be again often in order to check out new posts.
Hiya very cool web site!! Man .. Excellent .. Wonderful .. I’ll bookmark your web site and take the feeds additionally¡KI am satisfied to search out a lot of useful info here within the post, we need develop extra strategies in this regard, thank you for sharing. . . . . .
Great tremendous things here. I¡¦m very satisfied to peer your article. Thank you a lot and i’m taking a look ahead to touch you. Will you please drop me a e-mail?
I happen to be writing to make you be aware of of the fine discovery our daughter experienced visiting your web page. She noticed several details, including what it is like to have a marvelous giving style to get certain people without difficulty have an understanding of some complex subject matter. You undoubtedly did more than visitors’ expected results. Thanks for supplying the invaluable, safe, informative and in addition easy tips about this topic to Sandra.
hello!,I love your writing so so much! percentage we keep in touch more about your article on AOL? I need a specialist in this space to solve my problem. May be that’s you! Taking a look forward to peer you.
I have been exploring for a little bit for any high quality articles or weblog posts on this sort of area . Exploring in Yahoo I ultimately stumbled upon this website. Studying this info So i am satisfied to convey that I have a very good uncanny feeling I discovered just what I needed. I so much indisputably will make sure to do not forget this web site and provides it a look regularly.
I definitely wanted to send a brief remark to express gratitude to you for all the awesome items you are giving out at this website. My prolonged internet investigation has now been compensated with professional information to write about with my colleagues. I would mention that we readers actually are very much endowed to exist in a really good community with many outstanding professionals with interesting ideas. I feel truly privileged to have used the weblog and look forward to some more exciting times reading here. Thanks a lot once again for all the details.
Howdy very nice web site!! Man .. Beautiful .. Superb .. I will bookmark your blog and take the feeds also¡KI’m glad to search out a lot of useful information right here in the post, we need develop more techniques in this regard, thank you for sharing. . . . . .
Great post. I was checking continuously this blog and I am impressed! Extremely helpful information specifically the last part 🙂 I care for such info much. I was seeking this particular information for a very long time. Thank you and best of luck.
Thanks for sharing superb informations. Your web-site is very cool. I am impressed by the details that you have on this web site. It reveals how nicely you understand this subject. Bookmarked this website page, will come back for more articles. You, my pal, ROCK! I found simply the info I already searched all over the place and just could not come across. What a perfect web-site.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossips and net and this is actually frustrating. A good site with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for keeping this site, I will be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Can’t find it.
excellent issues altogether, you just received a brand new reader. What would you recommend in regards to your post that you just made some days in the past? Any positive?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossips and internet and this is really frustrating. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for keeping this website, I will be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Can’t find it.
Hi there, I discovered your web site via Google even as searching for a similar matter, your web site came up, it seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Thank you for some other informative site. Where else may just I get that kind of information written in such a perfect means? I’ve a venture that I’m just now running on, and I’ve been at the glance out for such information.
I will right away take hold of your rss feed as I can’t in finding your e-mail subscription hyperlink or e-newsletter service. Do you’ve any? Please allow me realize so that I may subscribe. Thanks.
Hi there! I simply would like to offer you a big thumbs up for the excellent info you’ve got here on this post. I’ll be returning to your blog for more soon.
What i do not realize is in fact how you are no longer actually much more well-appreciated than you might be now. You are so intelligent. You already know therefore considerably in the case of this subject, produced me in my view believe it from so many various angles. Its like men and women aren’t interested unless it is something to accomplish with Woman gaga! Your own stuffs outstanding. Always handle it up!
I simply desired to say thanks all over again. I am not sure what I could possibly have worked on without these solutions documented by you directly on my industry. It had become a frustrating condition for me personally, nevertheless being able to view your skilled form you dealt with the issue forced me to cry for contentment. I’m just grateful for this guidance and as well , trust you find out what a powerful job that you’re putting in teaching some other people through the use of a blog. I know that you’ve never come across any of us.
Thank you for another informative website. The place else may just I get that type of information written in such a perfect means? I’ve a mission that I’m simply now running on, and I have been at the look out for such information.
I as well as my pals have already been looking at the nice guidelines located on your web site and quickly got a horrible suspicion I never expressed respect to the web site owner for them. All the young men came absolutely joyful to read through them and now have pretty much been enjoying those things. Appreciation for indeed being considerably kind as well as for settling on these kinds of magnificent subject areas most people are really desirous to know about. My personal honest apologies for not expressing gratitude to sooner.
Hi there, I found your web site by means of Google while looking for a comparable topic, your website came up, it appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Hi, i believe that i saw you visited my site so i got here to go back the desire?.I’m trying to in finding things to enhance my site!I guess its good enough to make use of a few of your ideas!!
I simply had to thank you so much once again. I am not sure the things I could possibly have gone through without the type of points contributed by you regarding this topic. Entirely was a real challenging circumstance for me, however , noticing the very specialized style you solved the issue took me to cry over contentment. Now i am grateful for this help and then sincerely hope you know what a powerful job your are accomplishing educating the others using your blog. Most likely you’ve never encountered any of us.
I want to point out my admiration for your generosity giving support to individuals that really need help on that subject matter. Your real dedication to getting the message throughout has been pretty productive and have all the time enabled guys much like me to attain their endeavors. The interesting tutorial implies so much to me and substantially more to my colleagues. Thanks a lot; from all of us.
Thank you a lot for sharing this with all of us you really recognize what you are speaking about! Bookmarked. Please additionally discuss with my website =). We can have a hyperlink alternate agreement between us!
I’m also writing to let you understand of the terrific discovery our child obtained checking your web site. She picked up a wide variety of pieces, including what it’s like to possess an ideal teaching mindset to get others just know certain grueling subject areas. You undoubtedly did more than our own desires. Many thanks for giving the priceless, trustworthy, explanatory and even cool tips on this topic to Julie.
Terrific paintings! That is the kind of info that are supposed to be shared around the internet. Shame on the seek engines for no longer positioning this publish higher! Come on over and seek advice from my website . Thank you =)
Generally I don’t read post on blogs, but I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to check out and do it! Your writing style has been surprised me. Thank you, quite great article.
Hi there very nice site!! Guy .. Beautiful .. Wonderful .. I will bookmark your web site and take the feeds additionally¡KI’m glad to search out a lot of useful information right here in the put up, we need develop more strategies on this regard, thanks for sharing. . . . . .
Hi there. I discovered your blog by way of Google whilst looking for a comparable subject, your web site came up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I discovered your site by way of Google at the same time as looking for a similar subject, your website came up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I discovered your website by means of Google while searching for a related topic, your web site got here up. It appears to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually annoying. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
My husband and i felt really joyous that Peter could deal with his research from your precious recommendations he acquired out of your weblog. It’s not at all simplistic to simply possibly be freely giving methods many people have been trying to sell. And now we keep in mind we need the blog owner to be grateful to for this. The type of explanations you made, the simple website menu, the friendships you can assist to foster – it’s everything spectacular, and it is facilitating our son and the family understand the subject is excellent, which is exceedingly vital. Thanks for everything!
Hi there. I discovered your web site by means of Google whilst looking for a similar subject, your web site got here up. It looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I found your blog by way of Google while looking for a comparable matter, your website got here up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
You really make it seem really easy along with your presentation however I find this topic to be really something which I believe I’d by no means understand. It seems too complicated and very vast for me. I am taking a look ahead in your subsequent submit, I¡¦ll attempt to get the hang of it!
I have learn a few good stuff here. Definitely worth bookmarking for revisiting. I wonder how a lot effort you put to create one of these excellent informative web site.
I together with my friends happened to be following the best advice from your web page while instantly got an awful feeling I had not expressed respect to the web site owner for those secrets. My boys are actually as a result very interested to study all of them and have now pretty much been having fun with these things. Appreciation for being indeed kind and for settling on this sort of cool themes most people are really eager to be informed on. My very own sincere apologies for not expressing gratitude to sooner.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good website with exciting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
This remark might be a little long yet I want to say just how much I appreciated your write-up post. Have actually been looking for details on a group of subjects and also your website has actually given me a great amount of content that I can make use of. Will you have various other articles on this as well as or related subjects in the near future? I would certainly appreciate any kind of other items of information you could have.
Hey there. I found your site by means of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable subject, your website got here up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I found your blog via Google even as searching for a similar matter, your web site came up. It appears to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good website with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
I am no longer positive the place you are getting your information, however good topic. I needs to spend some time studying more or working out more. Thank you for wonderful info I was searching for this information for my mission.
Hi there. I found your blog via Google while searching for a related topic, your web site came up. It seems to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I found your blog by means of Google at the same time as searching for a similar subject, your website got here up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I found your blog by the use of Google whilst searching for a related topic, your web site got here up. It looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I found your website by the use of Google at the same time as looking for a similar subject, your site came up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good blog with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I found your blog by the use of Google at the same time as looking for a related matter, your site got here up. It looks good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
I simply wished to thank you so much once again. I’m not certain the things I could possibly have accomplished in the absence of the actual suggestions shared by you relating to this problem. Previously it was a alarming setting in my opinion, but taking a look at your professional avenue you solved the issue made me to weep over fulfillment. I am just happier for your assistance and hope that you comprehend what a powerful job you are always getting into training many others thru your webblog. Most likely you have never encountered any of us.
hey there and thank you for your info – I have definitely picked up something new from right here. I did however expertise a few technical points using this website, as I experienced to reload the web site lots of times previous to I could get it to load correctly. I had been wondering if your hosting is OK? Not that I am complaining, but sluggish loading instances times will sometimes affect your placement in google and can damage your high quality score if advertising and marketing with Adwords. Anyway I am adding this RSS to my email and can look out for a lot more of your respective fascinating content. Make sure you update this again soon..
Hello there. I found your site by way of Google whilst searching for a comparable subject, your website got here up. It seems to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I discovered your website by way of Google whilst searching for a related matter, your web site got here up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Thanks a bunch for sharing this with all of us you actually realize what you are talking about! Bookmarked. Kindly also discuss with my site =). We can have a link exchange agreement among us!
I would like to express my admiration for your generosity for men who absolutely need guidance on that topic. Your real commitment to passing the solution up and down appeared to be surprisingly beneficial and have continually empowered girls just like me to reach their goals. Your new warm and helpful help and advice denotes a great deal to me and a whole lot more to my colleagues. Thanks a ton; from each one of us.
Hello there. I found your website by way of Google whilst searching for a similar topic, your site got here up. It seems good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your website by way of Google even as looking for a comparable matter, your web site got here up. It seems to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I found your blog via Google while searching for a similar matter, your web site got here up. It looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I discovered your web site by the use of Google while searching for a related topic, your website came up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi, i feel that i noticed you visited my site so i got here to return the desire?.I am trying to find issues to enhance my site!I assume its adequate to use a few of your concepts!!
I am commenting to let you know of the notable encounter my child developed reading your blog. She picked up a good number of pieces, most notably what it’s like to possess a marvelous coaching character to get most people without hassle know specific specialized things. You truly did more than readers’ desires. I appreciate you for coming up with those great, trusted, explanatory as well as cool guidance on that topic to Janet.
Whats up very cool website!! Man .. Excellent .. Amazing .. I will bookmark your website and take the feeds also¡KI’m glad to search out numerous useful information right here in the post, we need work out extra strategies on this regard, thank you for sharing. . . . . .
Hi there! I simply wish to offer you a huge thumbs up for your great information you have got right here on this post. I will be coming back to your web site for more soon.
Hello there. I found your site via Google while looking for a related subject, your web site came up. It looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I found your website by the use of Google at the same time as searching for a similar matter, your web site came up. It looks good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I discovered your blog by the use of Google at the same time as searching for a comparable topic, your web site got here up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your web site by means of Google at the same time as searching for a similar matter, your website got here up. It seems to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good website with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Thanks a lot for sharing this with all of us you actually recognize what you’re talking approximately! Bookmarked. Kindly also consult with my site =). We could have a hyperlink change arrangement between us!
Hello, Neat post. There’s a problem together with your web site in web explorer, may check this¡K IE still is the marketplace leader and a good section of other people will leave out your fantastic writing because of this problem.
Hi there. I found your blog by way of Google at the same time as searching for a comparable matter, your website came up. It seems great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I found your web site by way of Google at the same time as searching for a related matter, your web site came up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I discovered your website by the use of Google while looking for a related subject, your web site got here up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your website by the use of Google whilst searching for a comparable topic, your web site got here up. It looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I discovered your blog by the use of Google even as searching for a comparable matter, your web site came up. It seems great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I discovered your site by the use of Google while searching for a related topic, your web site got here up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I discovered your web site via Google at the same time as searching for a similar topic, your website came up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I discovered your site by the use of Google while searching for a similar topic, your web site came up. It appears to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I discovered your blog by the use of Google whilst searching for a related topic, your web site came up. It appears to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
I just couldn’t go away your site before suggesting that I extremely loved the usual information a person provide on your visitors? Is gonna be again continuously in order to check up on new posts
Hello there. I found your site via Google while searching for a related topic, your web site got here up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I discovered your website by way of Google at the same time as looking for a similar topic, your site came up. It looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there, I found your website via Google while looking for a comparable subject, your site came up, it seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Hi there. I found your blog via Google even as searching for a comparable subject, your web site got here up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hello there. I found your website by way of Google while searching for a similar topic, your site came up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I found your site by way of Google whilst looking for a comparable subject, your website came up. It looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually irritating. A good website with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello! I simply want to give you a big thumbs up for the great info you’ve got right here on this post. I will be returning to your blog for more soon.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really annoying. A good blog with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I discovered your website via Google whilst looking for a related topic, your website got here up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I found your website by way of Google while searching for a similar topic, your web site came up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I discovered your site by the use of Google while searching for a similar matter, your web site got here up. It seems great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your website by the use of Google even as looking for a comparable matter, your website got here up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I found your web site by means of Google at the same time as searching for a similar matter, your website came up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I discovered your blog by way of Google whilst searching for a comparable subject, your website came up. It looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I found your website by the use of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable subject, your web site came up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Thanks for all your valuable effort on this website. My niece takes pleasure in going through investigation and it’s really obvious why. Most of us learn all of the dynamic method you give helpful strategies by means of your blog and as well as attract participation from some other people on the situation then our favorite child has always been learning so much. Take pleasure in the remaining portion of the year. You are always performing a splendid job.
Hi there. I discovered your website by means of Google even as searching for a comparable matter, your website got here up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Thanks , I have recently been looking for information about this topic for a long time and yours is the greatest I’ve found out till now. But, what in regards to the conclusion? Are you sure about the source?
Hello there. I found your site by the use of Google even as searching for a similar matter, your site got here up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your web site by the use of Google even as searching for a comparable topic, your web site got here up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
I’ve been browsing online more than 3 hours today, but I never found any fascinating article like yours. It is beautiful worth sufficient for me. In my opinion, if all webmasters and bloggers made just right content as you probably did, the web might be a lot more helpful than ever before.
Hey there. I discovered your website by means of Google at the same time as searching for a comparable matter, your web site came up. It appears to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there! I just want to offer you a huge thumbs up for your excellent info you’ve got right here on this post. I am returning to your blog for more soon.
Hey there. I found your blog by means of Google at the same time as looking for a related matter, your site came up. It appears great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hello there. I discovered your website by the use of Google while looking for a related topic, your site came up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I found your web site by way of Google at the same time as searching for a related matter, your site came up. It appears to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I found your site by way of Google even as looking for a similar topic, your site got here up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I found your blog by means of Google at the same time as searching for a comparable matter, your site got here up. It appears to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I discovered your blog by way of Google at the same time as looking for a similar topic, your site came up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
you’re actually a just right webmaster. The site loading speed is amazing. It kind of feels that you’re doing any unique trick. In addition, The contents are masterwork. you have done a magnificent task in this matter!
Hello there. I found your site by means of Google whilst searching for a similar subject, your site came up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I discovered your web site by way of Google while looking for a similar topic, your web site came up. It appears to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I discovered your site by way of Google while looking for a related matter, your web site came up. It appears good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I found your web site by way of Google while searching for a similar matter, your website got here up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I discovered your site by way of Google whilst searching for a similar matter, your web site came up. It seems great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
I will right away grab your rss feed as I can not find your email subscription link or e-newsletter service. Do you have any? Please let me recognise so that I could subscribe. Thanks.
Thank you for sharing superb informations. Your site is so cool. I am impressed by the details that you have on this site. It reveals how nicely you perceive this subject. Bookmarked this website page, will come back for extra articles. You, my pal, ROCK! I found just the info I already searched all over the place and just couldn’t come across. What a great website.
I would like to thnkx for the efforts you have put in writing this web site. I’m hoping the same high-grade blog post from you in the upcoming also. Actually your creative writing skills has encouraged me to get my own blog now. Really the blogging is spreading its wings fast. Your write up is a good example of it.
Hey there. I found your blog via Google at the same time as searching for a similar subject, your site got here up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually annoying. A good site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I discovered your blog via Google at the same time as looking for a similar topic, your site got here up. It looks good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hello there. I found your website by means of Google whilst searching for a related topic, your site got here up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually irritating. A good site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good website with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good blog with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I found your blog by the use of Google whilst searching for a related subject, your website came up. It appears to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hello there. I discovered your blog by means of Google while looking for a related subject, your site got here up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I discovered your blog by the use of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable matter, your site came up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your blog by the use of Google at the same time as searching for a related subject, your website got here up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good web site with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your web site via Google at the same time as looking for a comparable topic, your website got here up. It seems great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your blog via Google while searching for a related subject, your web site got here up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your blog via Google even as searching for a similar subject, your site came up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good site with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I discovered your site via Google at the same time as looking for a similar subject, your web site came up. It appears good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I discovered your web site by way of Google at the same time as searching for a comparable subject, your web site got here up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good web site with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there, I discovered your site via Google at the same time as searching for a similar subject, your site got here up, it seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Hello there. I found your web site by way of Google even as searching for a comparable subject, your web site got here up. It seems great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your website by means of Google at the same time as searching for a comparable subject, your web site came up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I found your site via Google at the same time as looking for a comparable matter, your website came up. It seems to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I discovered your blog via Google at the same time as searching for a comparable matter, your site came up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your web site by way of Google whilst searching for a similar matter, your site got here up. It seems great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I discovered your web site by the use of Google even as looking for a related subject, your website came up. It appears to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good web site with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your site by the use of Google while looking for a related matter, your website got here up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
I simply desired to say thanks once again. I do not know the things that I would’ve accomplished in the absence of the ways contributed by you regarding my theme. It absolutely was a frightful situation for me personally, but viewing a specialised fashion you processed the issue forced me to weep over gladness. I will be happy for the assistance and as well , pray you recognize what a powerful job your are doing teaching the others through a blog. Probably you have never come across all of us.
Hi there. I discovered your site by way of Google even as searching for a similar subject, your website got here up. It appears good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I discovered your website by means of Google whilst searching for a similar subject, your site got here up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I found your site by means of Google even as looking for a similar matter, your site got here up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really annoying. A good website with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually irritating. A good website with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually irritating. A good site with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I found your website by the use of Google at the same time as looking for a similar topic, your site got here up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I discovered your web site via Google at the same time as looking for a similar matter, your website came up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really frustrating. A good site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good website with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I discovered your blog by the use of Google even as searching for a similar matter, your site got here up. It seems to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I found your site by way of Google while searching for a similar topic, your site came up. It looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I discovered your web site by way of Google while searching for a similar matter, your web site got here up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really frustrating. A good site with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I found your blog by means of Google at the same time as looking for a similar subject, your website came up. It appears to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
It¡¦s actually a cool and useful piece of information. I am satisfied that you simply shared this useful information with us. Please stay us up to date like this. Thank you for sharing.
I do believe all of the ideas you have introduced on your post. They are really convincing and can definitely work. Still, the posts are very short for beginners. May just you please prolong them a bit from next time? Thank you for the post.
I definitely wanted to jot down a brief note to thank you for all the remarkable advice you are giving on this site. My extended internet lookup has at the end of the day been recognized with pleasant know-how to go over with my family. I would admit that we visitors are very fortunate to dwell in a great site with many perfect individuals with insightful advice. I feel somewhat fortunate to have seen your entire web page and look forward to some more brilliant minutes reading here. Thanks again for everything.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good blog with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I discovered your site via Google at the same time as looking for a related matter, your web site came up. It seems great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually annoying. A good site with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I discovered your site by way of Google whilst looking for a comparable subject, your site came up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I found your website by way of Google even as looking for a related matter, your site got here up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good blog with exciting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I found your website by way of Google at the same time as searching for a similar matter, your web site came up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good blog with exciting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually annoying. A good web site with exciting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi, i feel that i saw you visited my website so i got here to go back the want?.I am attempting to to find issues to enhance my web site!I assume its ok to use some of your ideas!!
Hello there. I found your blog by way of Google even as looking for a related subject, your website came up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I found your site by way of Google at the same time as searching for a comparable topic, your web site got here up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I discovered your web site by means of Google whilst looking for a related topic, your web site came up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really annoying. A good site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I found your website via Google whilst searching for a related subject, your website came up. It looks good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.

Police believe robbery was the motive for the crime and that the killer may have been an acquaintance of Woodring. There were few signs of a struggle in the room where Woodring and Buchanan were shot and, according to investigators, the murderers “seemed to know what they were doing.”
How you can help: If you have any information about these unsolved murders, please contact the Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation at 515-725-6010, email dciinfo@dps.state.ia.us, or contact the Keokuk Police Department at 319-524-3131.

I talked to her about what it takes to break in as an outdoor freelance writer. [This interview was done in late 2017, when Abby was still a senior editor at REI's Adventure Projects.]
To what extent do you work with freelancers?
For REI, we use almost all freelancers and it's all paid. The rates we pay vary dramatically based on previous experience, the length of the piece, whether you providing photos, all of those factors play a role in a rate.
For the REI online presence, we are creating content about cool people doing cool things outdoors. Where to go to recreate, conservation efforts, some news, gear, it’s really cross spectrum. Some of the stuff we do write ourselves, but I spend 90% of my days editing and assigning.
It’s the freelancer’s job to get to really know the publication, know what we are looking for, and then bring an idea to me. A fresh idea. 
Looking at it from the editor's side, what do you see as the most common mistake that freelancers make when they trying to pitch you on REI or Outside?
1. BRING AN IDEA, NOT A QUESTION
Another common mistake is sending short or two sentence pitches. About 20% of pitches I get are like that. “Oh, I want to write about my cool bike hiking trip”. Sell this to me! Why? Why would I want to pay you for this?
Once you’ve accepted a pitch from a freelancer, what are the mistakes that make it unusable for publication?
One source is not enough. Give me more, give me variety. Even if it's a quick roundup you feel you can knock-out in an hour, do don't it like that! Make some phone calls, talk to some people and bring me the exports. Bring me a properly reported piece.
Four ways to stand out from the pack
What can a freelancer do to stand out from the pack, and to make themselves more useful to you?
Send a really thoughtful pitch email. That’s awesome, that’s everything.
Explaining not only the idea of the story but also the format is also super helpful.
Is this going to appear as profile or q&a?
You don't have to break down every single thing, but just give me a rough idea of what will it look like. Those things stand out to me.
I understand that it's hard and not everyone is a photographer. I'm a very poor photographer myself. But, unfortunately, we live and work in a time when the media industry is not necessary striving, financially speaking, so most places have really small budgets.
Networking matters! It really is about who you know in this industry.
How realistic is it to make a living as a freelance outdoor writer now?
There is money out there! If you hustle hard and you are good at what you do, if you can throw a pitch and network well, I think it's very possible to make a living. Networking matters! It really is about who you know in this industry.
For somebody who starting out, who does not know anybody very much, what are the ways to get to know people?
Twitter is a great place to start. I also get a lot of freelancers there.
24 Ways to get More Followers on Twitter ]
A professor said years and years ago that you should always be kind to everyone around you who is younger, because eventually they may be your boss! That stayed with me.
I get a lot of emails from young people starting out, asking if we can have a phone call or grab coffee. I'm really busy and sometimes it is hard to make time for that but I am really do try to do it. I had some great people who mentored me in this industry, so I'm trying to be that person to anyone who reaches out.
So reach out the editor or the writer who you read a lot, who you admire. Send them a note! Say what you like about their latest article and ask them questions, if they are open to it.
As long as things are still well reported, I'm usually okay with it. But it has to be well reported. It can't just be someone going on a press trip speaking so highly about a hotel that they stayed in. That won't fly with me.
At REI, I would say a handful a day. But we are a small team, we don't publish a handful a day. I definitely can't accept them all. Outside receives far, far more, just because it's been around for 40 years.
The type varies but what they all have in common is an enticing headline and deck. I worked at a Huffington Post for a little while and learned so much about content that goes viral and what makes it viral. It's sort of an art and a science.
If you want people to click on it, there has to be a reason. There needs to be some kind of cliff hanger. For instance, I’ve noticed that when people publish on Facebook, they give everything away in the status. And why would I click if I saw everything?
So, if you have a round-up, you give a sneak peek. You’ll see a lot of “myth number three” or whatever, but it really works, people end up sharing it.
For those attention grabbing headlines, does it help if a freelancer has an idea for you?
I love it when freelancers suggest them. I don't necessarily roll with everything every time, but there is no harm in giving me some ideas and options.
You studied journalism, you started out as a writer, and you've effectively transitioned in being an editor. Why did you move from the one space to another?
I think that having as much experience in as many areas of the business as possible is really beneficial. You always learning and it's interesting. Plus my writing has gotten so much better now when I'm on another side because I can put myself in my own shoes. I can ask myself whether I would accept this pitch or would I ask for a better lead. It allowed me to see from the editor's perspective.
You've been active in a journalism space for about 10 years. What changes have you seen in the market in that time?
One big change is that as technology has evolved we've started to see interesting multi-media packages. Like that New York Times article - Snow Fall: The Avalanche at Tunnel Creek. It was beautifully put together.
Also the podcast boom has happened in the last five years and now everyone is wanting to make a podcast. It's fun, reviving the radio days and that's very cool.
Unfortunately we've seen a lot of traditional print magazines fold. Now it’s not as frequent that the company as a whole folds, but we are print publications close and move everything online. Which to me emphasises that this is shifting and evolving, not dying.
Any predictions about the next 10 years?
This might be inaccurate but I think that we will continue to see more of the tech and development side of things blend with editorials. Ten years ago I was not talking to the dev team, the coders behind everything. Now I run with a dev dude the designer dude from Outside all the time.
I see this continued mix of audio and video, photo and cool special effects with words. Which is cool, I think. Bigger team!
Breaking in is about trying to meet the people who run this industry.
Engage with outdoor writers, editors and photographers as much as possible. Athletes even, if you can.
Breaking in is about trying to meet the people who run this industry, who participate in this industry. We come back to Twitter networking and sending emails to writers and editors... I think it's the best way to break in.
She's the founder of Sticks & Stones, a newsletter about the outdoors, women's issues, and badass women doing outdoorsy things.

In both TV as well as The movies, there’s a topic which has carried out quite well in the past couple of years: Zombies. This concept has created for some quite fun, majorly outstanding, and award-winning programs and blockbusters. Though it’s only fiction, right?
Helping to make matters more intense, extended insufficient sleep creates over production of cortisol. Cortisol in it’s right amount may help us to sense some tension and urgency to get things done. However when it’s overproduced, it causes us to feel stressed, anxious, as well as uneasy continually. This might lead to even deeper medical challenges of anxiety and depression. Not surprisingly, sleep loss is harmful for any individuals.
We inhabit a world that is definitely all the time changing. DreamCloud is a paradigm shift in the approach a mattress is built. You see, mattresses have been available quite a while. And much like cars and even houses, the manner in which one is manufactured at present is different than it was many years previously. Across all industries, people are always studying and making ground-breaking discoveries. From working on and employing new and innovative elements, to enhancing on a model or releasing a brand new one, the way that we carry out things shifts through time.
The third layer is Super Soft Quilted Memory Foam. As you lay on the bed mattress, the leading 2 layers sink right in to this layer, which supplies an extremely soft give that you feel instantly. It becomes part of the engineering that gives just the right amount of strong assistance while additionally giving softness as well as comfort.
The sixth layer is Super Dense Super Soft Memory Foam. That’s not a typo. It’s a layer of foam that is very dense, yet likewise gives back support. This permits you to locate the convenience of “sinking in”, while additionally being supported and also held in alignment, no matter what placement you like to sleep in.
All of these technological components amount to one thing: You will certainly forget that you are in fact sleeping on a bed mattress due to the fact that your body will believe you’re on a cloud.
It is usually not surprising for comfort and quality to go arm in arm. Nonetheless they carry along a price tag. Well, typically. But certainly not now.
The only method to know that you enjoy something would be to try it for yourself.
Totally. It’s one thing when a product appears to be very good on paper or even in a commercial, however it’s a different to completely experience something on your own. And with DreamCloud, it is possible to. Not only does DreamCloud offer an incredible value, they also back it with a fantastic guarantee.

Member of the European Parliament for Spain
He died of cardiac arrest at his home in Pozuelo de Alarcón, Madrid, aged 82.

Why hedge funds are Japan's only sane, liquid asset class _ Alternatives _ AsianInvestor . By continuing to use our website, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
The Eurekahedge Japan Index is up 1.45% this year to end-July. That's not a bad performance versus the Nikkei 225, which has dropped about 7% over the same period -...
Fund-of-hedge-fund executives say they are seeing growing discontent towards private banks by high-net-worth investors.
If Japanese hedge funds could secure a small portion of the money going into alternatives in 2011, it would make a big difference.

It’s what’s for dinner. Click here for details.
Five Things That Shouldn’t Go Wrong On Your Birthday:
Cry me a river, right? This birthday is stupid.
Oh no! No presents! What’s wrong with everybody??? Go kick ’em!
I hope you had a great day! XOXO

“Knowing that it was kind of a tryout session because I didn’t have anything else after that.
“Now, knowing that for sure I’m racing all year long, my name is on the car this time and it’s my guys and my team. So, I’m excited about that. I think that just helps out the confidence level so much.
It’s a full plate for Wallace, who is in a super tight Sunoco Rookie of the Year battle with 20-year old Hendrick Motorsports driver William Byron. And it’s been an emotional learning curve at times – right from the green flag of the season-opening Daytona 500, NASCAR’s biggest race of the year.
Wallace, 24, finished runner-up in his Daytona 500 debut, setting the stage for what he expected to be a solid year. However, that amazing start forced him to remind himself at times that this was still a learning situation of many first-time this-and-that’s. The races were longer, the season was longer and the competition level was top-notch – he was in the big leagues now. And it is a different game.
To be fair, even veteran drivers have been scratching their heads, considering the 13-race season has been dominated by Ford’s Kevin Harvick, who has five wins and Toyota’s Kyle Busch, who has four. Outside of those two drivers, each team feels a certain urgent need to catch-on and catch-up.
“We’re still trying to figure out some things on that forefront,” Wallace allowed. “I think from the OEM standpoint as well, we all see it as a big picture. We need to step it up, for sure.
“Looking back, last weekend was a solid weekend for us,” Wallace said. “It’s little things that are taking our program to the next level. Focusing in on races like that is what we need to do. It was a decent points day for us, and we are closing up on some guys in front of us.
“We still have a lot of work to do to get inside the top 16, but I’m looking forward to kind of shifting gears and getting to the high gear here for the second part of the season and make that final push.”

Wind your way through endless acres of “wow” with one-of-a-kind features that stretch the body and the imagination.
Created in consultation with experts from North Carolina State University’s Natural Learning Initiative and MVVA, Inc., each of the playgrounds’ swings, ropes, water channels, sandboxes and other features help hone the skills and interests of kids of all ages. Grab a hat, shovel (and kid!) and we’ll see you there!
Dig deep and pile high in what’s possibly the largest sandbox in New York City. It’s great for toddlers and older kids, too.
Cool off in the park’s most popular playground, which features a water-jet field that will keep children entertained for hours.
Twist and turn down the 2-story slides, and tackle the jungle gyms that make up this dynamic playground.
The Marsh Garden provides an intimate setting that immerses children in the natural environment.
Children’s swings sit atop a multi-colored play surface along the southern end of Pier 2.
Bring the kids - two play areas for children of all ages are located on Pier 5.
Delight younger children by taking them to a playground designed just for them.

Releasing software isn’t an art, but it is an engineering discipline. Continuous Deployment can be thought of as an extension to Continuous Integration which makes us catch defects earlier.
In this blog on Continuous Deployment, you will go through the following topics:
Now, often people get confused between the terms, Continuous Delivery & Continuous Deployment. So let me clarify the confusion for you!
Continuous Delivery does not involve deployment to production on every change that occurs. You just need to ensure that the code is always in a deployable state, so you can deploy it easily whenever you want.
On the other hand, Continuous Deployment requires every change to be deployed automatically, without human intervention.
So, as you can see in the diagram once Continuous Integration stages are completed, the newly built application is automatically deployed to production then it is Continuous Deployment. On the other hand, if we manage to automate everything, but decide to require a human approval in order to proceed with the deployment of the new version, then we are taking into account Continuous Delivery. Well, the difference is very much subtle, but it has enormous implications, making each technique appropriate for various situations.
So, now that you have an understanding of Continuous Deployment, let’s see a case study on Continuous Deployment.
The system included various branches diverging from a single trunk developed in a parallel manner. So, a developer would write big batches of code with respect to various features and then wait for this feature branch to be merged into the trunk i.e. the master branch.
Once the feature was merged into the master branch, it had to be again tested to make sure that it did not break into any other code of a different feature at the same instance.
Since this system included several batches of code written in isolation by various teams, and then once written are merged into a single branch, this system was known as a feature branch system. This kind of system limited the scope and number of features, thus slowing down the company’s development life cycle.
Once the code passes the tests it is merged into trunk and listed out in a system that shows managers what features are ready to go live on the site or in newer versions of LinkedIn’s apps.
Now, let me continue this discussion by telling you the basic benefits of Continuous Deployment.
The benefits that Continuous Deployment offers are as follows:
Solution: Follow the steps below to deploy the application in a headless mode.
Step 2: Once you create your maven project, include the code of Selenium App in the main Java file and make sure you have inserted the argument to deploy it in the headless mode.
Step 3: After that include the required dependencies in the pom.xml file.
Step 4: After this, your project is ready to run. Since we want to run it in headless mode, we have to deploy this application in the Jenkins Server.
Step 7.1: To do that, go to the Repositories tab and choose the option New.
Step 7.2: After that mention the repository name, and choose if you wish your project to be private or public and then finally click on Create Repository.
Step 8: To push your project to this repository. Follow the below steps:
Step 8.3: Once you are done with that, commit the operation using the command git commit -m ‘Type in your message here’.
Step 9: Once the JAR file has been pushed to the local repository, you have to create a new Job in the Jenkins server. To do that, open your Jenkins Dashboard, and then go to New Item -> Type in the item name -> Click on OK.
Step 10: Once your job is created, click on the job and go to configure option.
Step 10.3: Once you’re done with the above two steps, save the changes.
Step 11: Click on Build Now, to build the project and see the output.
Since it is continuous deployment, that is the case where this program can be deployed by any person working in the team and the others can only see the output that something has been, changed. They will not know who has deployed it directly onto the production servers.
If you want the source code of the example shown, please comment out in the comments section.

Nitra then. First time here, but we have good memories from other cities in Slovakia in the past so we expect the best. Concert went well, the new bass amp from Warsaw seem to hold up, and we continued the evening in Polish tradition also in Slovakia. Positive thing about these places is that you can bring your own (usually home-made) drinks to the clubs, something of course many trve DEMONICAL fans does (and of course want us to drink of - yummie)
After a steady warm-up in Baltikum and Poland, the tour finally starts flowing for real. After Club Naozzay closed, we were shown to some other place in the city. The street ladies outside made us think we walked into a bordel, but it turned out to be a hard rock club in there, many people from the concert was there too. A rough estimation of 100% of the people here would have been thrown out of any ordinary bar in Stockholm (bartenders included).
Johan Volturyon decided that it was a good idea to bring his computer to the after party; needless to say he has no computer no more (and possibly no job).
Some time after 06:00 it was time to go back to the bus. A mob of 7-8 people waited for us outside to "beat long hair guys"; luckily Pablo the Ruthless scared them away on his own. The last persons managed to get on the tour bus around 10 minutes pre last call.
Needless to say, we can't find anywhere to eat properly on this route. Finally in Cluj in the evening, the bus looks worse than ever. Janne is watching a documentary on her computer about people with some kind of braindisorder, making them unlable to clean their homes. The homes filmed looks quite a lot neater than our tour bus now.
At our entrance they started playing some songs from our last album, making us feel welcomed. We also learn from some people that "hadderajan" in romanian means "train going off track". Actually makes sense.
The best conversation of the evening sounded something like this:
Fredrik: "Maybe we wanna stay, what then? How are you gonna throw this guy out?" (Fredrik looking at Sverker) "He is like two times as big as you are."
Fredrik: "The best thing is that you are not even joking."
We decided to leave the Hard Cafe when they wanted to close.

Item 4 is one I've seen elsewhere: https://www.amazon.com/Invisible-Ink-Practical-Building-Reso...
In fact, I recall a Pixar writer said it was one of his favorite books.
Actually, I found it (same blog):
Apparently the author claims neither he nor Pixar came up with it.

If your hen isn’t the type of girl to paint the town red, opt for the ultimate girl’s night in and have a full scale pyjama party. Order pizza, get a selection of chick flicks, do makeovers and face masks, paint your nails, and pass around plenty of bubbly, strawberries and chocolate.
If the party will be in the hen’s home town, book onto a local tour, and have guests tell stories about the hen that relate to different local landmarks or areas. Talk to old friends beforehand to make sure there are plenty of good tales to tell, and hopefully some photos to pass around. Make sure you keep the stories fairly clean if you’re inviting her future mother-in-law along.
An arts and crafts hen party is a great choice for a sedate group, and you can combine it with making bombonieres, stationery, or wedding decorations. You could even hold a flower arranging lesson where the bride could learn to create her own wedding table centrepieces.
Food and drink based activities always work well at hen’s parties, whether you learn how to mix a killer cocktail, or to make delicious chocolates. Have a chef demonstrate cooking an entire meal and then eat it, or spend the evening cooking and icing a variety of cupcakes to pile up and create a novelty wedding cake.
If your hen craves an elegant sophisticated hen party, but your guests can’t afford a top notch dinner, consider having high tea in a classy hotel instead. A set high tea will be cheaper than a full dinner, but just as fun and filling, and you’ll have plenty of time for cocktails afterwards.

I’ve thought a lot about how you develop your own style of parenting, and how you become comfortable in your parenting skin.
These days I’m much more relaxed about how much sugar my children consume, I totally embrace co-sleeping and I feel less guilty when I flick on the TV to get ready for work in the morning.
But then my daughter started primary school, and I realise I have sorted nothing.
Primary school has its own set of expectations to navigate
Now my daughter is in her second year of primary school, I realise that I have a whole new level of parenting heights to scale.
By now I should know that comparing yourself to other families is a sure-fire path to misery. And still I do it. Here are a few of the areas where I judge myself against other parents.
Other kids are doing ballet, music and languages. Darcy used to do swimming lessons, and then she learnt to swim. So we stopped. No other activities followed for a number of reasons.
Still. Every so often I get twinges that she should be doing more.
Then I hear other parents talk about how they sit with their children and go through spelling, maths and maybe even science. And I think. I’m not supporting her enough, she needs more discipline. I need more discipline.
I know it’s important to be involved in school life. Whether that’s volunteering in a reading group or getting along to an assembly here or there. And while I always make a big effort for the end of year concert, my contribution to the school is limited by my working hours.
It’s not just a sense of obligation that makes me feel wanting in this respect. I’ve seen the look on Darcy’s face when I’m at school with her- not just to pick her up or drop her off. She lights up and she’s excited that I’m there.
I also miss out on getting to know the other parents and forming a community with other adults who are going through similar experiences with their kids.
Last year at the Book Week parade, one mother had dressed her two children as the snail and the whale (from the Julia Donaldson book of the same name). The costumes were spectacular, and they were made by hand.
When I go to parent-teacher night I’m nervous, like we’re about to talk about my parenting failures (not how Darcy is going at school).
Sitting across from her teacher (who is lovely, by the way) I’m thinking – does she know how bad we are with homework? She certainly knows I don’t volunteer, does she think I’m a bad parent?
It doesn’t help that I’m perched on a tiny chair, in front of a tiny desk, with the paraphernalia of school activities all around me. Even though logically I know we are peers, there’s a part of me that feels like I’m back at school.
Talk about performance anxiety.
I am quite sure I could have spared myself some of the worry I had over things like sugar, co-sleeping and screen time when my children were younger, now that I look back from the comfortable place of the present.
And while it’s a simple question with a simple answer, it should be enough to blow away all the anxieties that I’m failing as a parent.
But unless I stop my own propensity to compare myself with others, each part of this parenting journey is going to be plagued with anxiety.

What to Think About When You're 7 Months Pregnant
Lying back, you look down at your stomach and see what appears to be an alien trying to claw its way out. Don't freak out—that's just your bundle of joy doing gymnastics.
If you're currently near or around the seven month mark during pregnancy, you're definitely showing. Maybe your walking style has turned into something resembling a penguin's waddle, or back pains and swollen ankles are becoming a daily part of your life. It also may seem as if you've been pregnant forever—though it's only actually been seven months. Also, bear in mind that the next and last two months will also seem as if they'll go on forever. But it won't.
This article will address two key things you can do now at the seven month mark of your pregnancy cycle.
How to start thinking about your birth plan.
This will not only help pass the time, but will better prepare you for when your little bundle of joy does arrive. Good luck and hang in there!
How to Think About Your Birth Plan
At seven months, you should definitely start thinking about your birth plan. You can discuss your options with friends, midwives, other mothers, or your OB. This is a great idea, seeing as how they might come up with ideas about things you've never thought about.
Who do you want in the room with you during the birth?
What pain relief method would you prefer? (Research can be done to explore the many options that are available.)
Would you like your partner present if you must have a Cesarean?
Would you like a mirror available so that you can see the baby being delivered? (Some hospitals provide these.)
Another thing you can do is begin to plan or pack your hospital bag. Try to approach this like you're packing for camp. In other words, pack anything and everything you think you may need.
It is a good idea to get this bag packed early, rather than wait until the due date. You never know exactly when the baby will come, unless you have a scheduled induction. Here is a list of suggested items to pack in your bag. Keep in mind that these are only suggestions.
Books and crossword puzzles to pass the time
Change for the pay phone in case the phone in your room is tied up
Your phone charger in case you are there for a while
A list of phone numbers of people you wish to notify afterward
Remember, this should be a joyful and very exciting time in your life. As ready as you are to give birth, remember that after birth you may still crave the closeness that you and your baby once had. So, for now enjoy every moment!
Video: Your Baby at 28-37 Weeks
Video: Exercises While You're in Your Third Trimester
i am seve months pregnant ,this is my first pregnancy i cant wait to hold my little prince
am 28wks old just can't wait for my bundle of joy to arrive.
I am having a abdominal pains, ans this is my first baby. I dunno if this is normal or not.
im 7months pregnant i cant wait to have my baby
I'm 28 weeks & I'm sooooo excited,well I don't know the gender of my little one but I'm hoping it is a baby girl.congratulation to all mummies outthere••••
7 months! I've enjoyed my pregnancy so much, this has been a great 180 on my life. I'm blessed this love bug will soon be here.
When i employed to receive high on lifestyle although lately We've built up the level of resistance.
kim and alex are nothing but low lives before you judge a book look at yourselves first no one is perfect and by the way karma is a bitch..
I am 7 months pregnant, with a bouncing baby girl. Very excited and can't wait for her to introduce herself to this world! But I will not want or have my child around anyone who believes in belittling others. It clearly shows how there child will be raised. I'm sure your parent once told you if "If you have nothing nice to say than don't say anything at all" plain in simple this is for expecting mothers to share there thoughts with others not to bring down women!!! News Flash to all you who think Kim was right -__-
I'm 7 months pregnant, can I still get an abortion?
well im 7 months pregnant and my baby is sitting very oddly in my stomach.. almost like shes sitting up in my right side. im not sure if this is normal but im kindve scared.. anyone know what's going on?
Biancia didn't post anything to have to do with the way she TYPED! We can type anyway we want. How about helping her with her pregnancy, and letting her know it will be okay. I'm only 17 and have more respect for people than most of these ladies do.
& I'm 7 months! Can't wait for my baby boy!
oops i mean kim not kia oh well your name isn't very important to me anyways but i don't want you thinking i can't spell either, you might give me an (F) for spelling your name wrong since you a wanna be teacher!!!
Anyone being negative should have had an abortion.. Being a mom is a beautiful thing.. Thank god your still pregnant because some women aren't as lucky. Bashing anyone is sad and being that it was posted 2 years ago all u unhappy women need to look within yourselves and find happiness because your obviously miserable. And those looking for an argument are lonely.. That is all.! Good Luck To All The Happy Moms..
Lol. Completely agree with Kim. Before you bring a child in this world I hope you work on yourself first. Perhaps pick up something called a "book".... Maybe learn how to read and write something called ENGLISH correctly is something not only you but your BABY would benefit from. Anyone can get pregnant and have a child. Ignorance is here to stay people :/
Wow I thought we're shuring experience with being pregnat not how rude and disrespectfull we could be to one another. Kim if u don't have anything nice to say than u shouldn't say anything at all we learn that as kids. Just because she had some typos doesn't mean she is dumb but u shure did show us your ignorance.
So excited I have a 4 year old son and 7 months pregnant with a Girl..it has been different from when I was pregnant with my
let's focus on what's best for the newborn babies and welcome the new generation
im so scared because this is my first kid and im 18 and all my babys dady wants to do is be with other women and its like he dose not care about the baby he just cares about himself i don't have a clue on what to do or say to him ??????????????
I am 28 weeeks and can't wait to have my baby. He will be my first born and i am so excited. i will give him all the love i never had in my life. Anyone out there tired of sleeping on their sides?
Ppl get under my skin at times. to have read all these comment you ladies should be ashamed of yourselves for downing her on her spelling. i do the same thing at times when i don't have much time to type. im 7 months and so ready to have my lil girl. god bless you all and good luck :)
I'll be 7 months on Tuesday with my little girl Grace Anna Lynn(: I'm due on April 20th and I just can't wait until she gets here. The back pains are starting to get worse and the hips. Unfortunately, her father didn't stick around.. But I'm going to do everything in my power for her. She's already my world! Good luck everyone, hope all goes well!
Iv come on this page to see what my baby looks like now, well iv got 9 weeks left, and the comments have killed my mood, have i entered English class? not being funny but do you not think its more dumb too degrade some one over how people spell lol were all here for the same thing so why kill the mood.....thanks a lot. I mean if i had any complaint about pregnant women it would be against the ones who keep spitting out children they dont even give a shit about but that's just my opinion, it doesent matter weather ur fat slim educated uneducated and shit, all that matters is if you're going to be a good mother to you're child so W.E
I am 7 months pregnant with my first and it's a girl! I thank God for everything - this little girl changed my life for the better. My husband and I are so happy together, even with my hormones swinging around! Life is truly beautiful when you have children.
i am 7 months pregnant with ma first child am so excited till i see him thank u god 4 your special gift.
It's so wonderful to see all u pregnant women happy during your pregnancy... I'm going.thru a lot. My son who is now 5 yrs old never put me thru so much
Well some ppl get angry when they see how some people type... I mean, if your going to say something or spell something, itd might as well b right...right? why do it the wrong way
11 years later, im having a girl! Excited and nervous. 8)
WELL I HAVE READ A LOT OF THESE COMMENTS,AND AS I AM GOING TO BE A NANNA FOR THE FIRST TIME BY MY YOUNGEST DAUGHTER, I FEEL ALL OF YOU NEED TO CALM DOWN AND BE GRATEFUL FOR THE JOY OF BEING PREGNANT.
IT IS ALL VERY FRIGHTENING AND OF COURSE BEING ABLE TO SPELL OR NOT DOESN'T GIVE ANY OF YOU THE RIGHT TO MAKE JUDGEMENT ON THIS LADY.
GOOD LUCK TO ALL OF YOU WHO HAVE A HEART AND THAT MAGIC WORD UNDERSTANDING////
Who has the time to sit and correct other people.. if that bitch kim was more focused on her CHILD then she wouldn't have time to try and correct peoples errors. good way to talk shit behind a computer screen because your bitch ass would have been slapped saying it to someones face. miserable ignorant bitch..i bet your sitting behind the computer eating a big fat bowl of icecream and about 300 lbs haha..or you may be a plastic surgery blonde thinking about the next surgery to take out on your ugly face.
First of all im from the virgin islands and that's the way we speak. Its called an accent kim. Its so funny how people always have negative things to say any ways about PREGNANCY!!!! I am 7 months as well and am so anxious about meeting my baby girl. I can't wait to see her. Instead of drama can someone give me advice about what to do to calm my self down and pass time by. Thank you
just let any one know the way biancia is speaking is not a typo it call slang texting so the one who spoke first (KIM)know what you talking about first before you start being rude: but anyway i had to say something it made me upset, but to the ladies who are expecting good lucky on your new born baby. :)
I'm 7 months pregnant and loving every movement my baby boy makes. 2 more months and he'll be in my arms (:
Loving my pregnancy almost due can't wait to see my baby boy
Yes there are some very strange women out there, scary thing is that they are pregnant these spiteful women and they are going to raise the children of our future, futures not lookin so bright with retarded parents !
Its very Sad To read All the negative Comments On what is Supposed To be a beautiful Website....Comes To show Why Some Woman Choose Pro Choice, I pity Your children- Because You have Nothing better To do In your Lives then Argue with people You Don't even know...This Conversation started 7 months ago... Very sad
wow this is amazing how a site about pregnancy and concerns turns into something so ugly :( people need to focus more on helping these pregnant women out because I'm pregnant myself and it's not easy! it's very stressful and adding useless comments to someone else's post....well why are you even on here? yes I'm 7 months today :)! and at times it's really hard and painful but I'll be glad when my little Zack gets here :)
Stick to kind words :-). We all have been blessed by our higher power!!! Congrats to all of us. We should all be the best people we can be so we can teach our children that as well.
Hello, don't think this is a site for bashing let the girl speak the way she wants and lets focus on pregnancy, not highschool bullying skills.
I hope everyone is blessed with beautiful babbies and I wish everyone the best.
i think everyone on here is just pregnant and bitchy!!! haha judging each other and fighting about something that is literally of NO significance whatsoever is just a symptom of being 7 months pregnant.
im 20, about 5'3 pretty petite, i don't know if it's just my small-ish frame or what?!
i am 28 weeks, so excited can't wait to hold my girl.
Being pregnant is one of the happiest thing that have ever happened to me especially when the baby is quickning. No body is above mistake. Congrats to all mothers to be.
It's quite amazing how are society is treating each other as women and mother's. Give respect and love another as you want to be loved back. Where's your morality "GIRLS"? To all the Mommy's to be and Mothers; God speed and congrats!
As I am 30 almost 31 weeks on Friday with my first baby boy. I am right there with this young lady who had her baby and posted the first comment. You do not know what to expect or feeling or have pre-automated instructions programed into you. So wise up and quit cyber bullying!
And using the lang. y'all do is horrible. I hope y'all don't curse around ya'lls "bundle of joy" when they come...
P.S 28 weeks & can't wait to have her!!
Im 28 weeks today. With my 3rd baby. Finally IT'S A GIRL. Its not bad giving birth. I had my previous 2 with no pain meds. But i just depends on how well you handle pain. If you don't know when you will be in labor it feel like cramps. Its a very beautiful thing. I wish all you ladies well. Congrats on you all little bundle of joy. God bless
I am 28 weeks, and can't wait to have my little boy. He is already very active and like to move when I move. Just imagining taking him fishing or playing basketball with him in a few years make me smile, and all of his firsts. Ugh these last 3 months need to hurry up and pass.
I'm 31 wks today and I'm soO excited to see my little girl and finally hold her ^_^!! My biggest fear is giving birth =( I honestly dread it!! Anyone else out there feel the same way?? =/
I am 7months i am so HAPPY that i made it this FAR from the blessing from god for giving me this child and hope that its blessed with everything nerves and excited at the same time can't wait to hold my BABY BOY can't wait till he is here with me...
Besides, her name isn't Bianca it is Biancia lol oh i am sorry i mean laugh out loud, wouldn't want any one to think i am uneducated or stupid -_-

2. On Thursday 9 July 2015, 22:31 by clash of clans cheats and hacks for android
Wonderful items from you, man. I have take into account your stuff previous to and you are just too
great. I really like what you have got right here, certainly like what
8 basketball pool until he seemed to be well into his thirties.
and yank it out of its home. I must laugh at all the adverts
What's up, all the time i used to check webpage posts here early in the dawn, since i love to learn more
If you desire to improve your experience simply keep visiting this website and be updated with
There are some steps you might have to follow to
Online shopping has expanded for the point where it is possible to virtually
The urge to skip breakfast is strong -- we are able to get to figure.
Verify your routing number and account number are correct, then click "Submit" to
contacts grouped together like a category. But as soon as you're done
Your computer will store the protection key it is using gain access to Wi-Fi.
This holds true if the user account was set up which has a password.
Prices for your same seats with a 20-game plan were $680 each and
If you can still log in to your account, immediately change your password.
the four-digit code from the device in the
and you may find more ideas then you are
It is fantastic with some in the data that they can offer,
some with the comparisons, just basic stock information about what is happening within the market and included globally.
This provides you with a hands-on understanding of how it can work in your case.
other prices in your area, you might like to go to another shop.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation offers up-to-date information for the stability from
say: your monthly savings of x, can be a evening out along with your family, money saved,
you may have many more lenders ready to lend you money in the future.
In this, the financial institution will enable you to access a quantity that can vary from 100 to
53. On Friday 11 September 2015, 01:28 by Coconut Oil Benefits
It's perfectly OK to vanish and think about the possible financial implications in the subprime loan before you
Good way of describing, and pleasant piece of writing to get data about my presentation subject matter, which
they just don't understand about. You controlled to hit the nail upon the top as well as defined out the whole thing with no need side-effects
Definitely imagine that that you stated. Your favourite reason appeared to be at the net the simplest thing to bear in mind
of. I say to you, I definitely get irked at the same time as other people consider worries that they just do not know about.
64. On Saturday 12 September 2015, 07:46 by limewire free music downloads
marketplace leader and a huge portion of other people will miss your great writing because of this
have developed some nice practices and we are looking to trade strategies with other folks, be sure to shoot me
72. On Wednesday 16 September 2015, 10:53 by Direct Download Clash Of Clans Hack
bit, that their service should be used, perhaps they should do an examination of just what it can be they
are doing think is really gonna happen.
79. On Thursday 17 September 2015, 21:08 by where can you buy quest protein bars in canada
The checking account variety is needed in order for the
accounts of the debtor So, there is absolutely no requirement of
Hi there to every body, it's my first visit of this blog; this web site carries awesome and genuinely good data in favor of visitors.
kinds of secured and unsecured.
will stand us your guarantor that you might be capable to pay on your loan.
Michael Daley, director of Art - Watch UK, said: "We deceive ourselves when we think that modern, scientifically assisted restorers will make good any injury that may arise acdc concert oklahoma city you tend not to need money within the initial weeks in the month when you have money in your pocket.
day, then you are able to extend the by informing the financial institution's office.
you to be. The Jammer can also be used as a lure, as it is an indication that an enemy is using it for cover so
most players will try find the source. The information shared in this article has been collected
from some blogs written by professionals associated with sign companies in Los Angeles.
Hi it's me, I am also visiting this web page daily, this site is genuinely good and the users are genuinely sharing good thoughts.
in your self you may get every thing you would like.
Hello colleagues, its fantastic post on the topic of tutoringand fully explained, keep it up all the time.
113. On Thursday 24 September 2015, 12:21 by black ops 2 hacks download
is great; however, parents create a time frame for which you and your
You're likely to hear us talk about our natural resources, our special situations,
for homeowners who need to raise money for home improvements, get a automobile for any personal circumstances.
122. On Saturday 26 September 2015, 22:53 by plenty of fish dating site of free dating
Hi there! I just wish to give you a big thumbs up for the great information you have right here on this post.
As the rules, involving the game are simple and straightforward,
everybody can follow them easily. Is the placement of the buttons and navigation menu well thought.
In this article I want to show you how to do this very easily,
In my opinion, if all site owners and bloggers made excellent content as you probably did,
You are able to make each gun your own gun and it can be seen by all
other players if they pick up your gun or watching one of your kill-cams.
Contracts are a way to get currency aka Co - D points in the multiplayer portion of the game so that you can purchase upgrades and customizations.
You must also look at the terms and conditions of the gaming site before
take a sizable share of retail sales from here
and have patience in taking pride over small victories before you play the big ones.
You will also note that the 3D technology and concepts have also been applied extensively in movies and various visual media
The nectar solution can be made at home, by using a ratio of four parts water to
at least one part white cane sugar. Anna's Hummingbird is a particular species located in the western portion of
the United States that does not migrate at all. These
realized it's new to me. Anyhow, I'm definitely happy I stumbled upon it and I'll be bookmarking it and checking back frequently!
143. On Wednesday 30 September 2015, 18:50 by Health Benefits Of Coconut Oil
146. On Wednesday 30 September 2015, 21:44 by Coconut Oil Benefits
147. On Wednesday 30 September 2015, 22:53 by Benefits Of Coconut Oil
149. On Thursday 1 October 2015, 21:46 by how to make extra money as a nurse
150. On Thursday 1 October 2015, 23:23 by how can i earn money from home as a kid
What i don't realize is actually how you are no longer really a lot more smartly-appreciated than you may be right now.
when it comes to this topic, made me personally imagine it from so
many varied angles. Its like women and men don't seem to be involved except it's one thing to accomplish with Girl gaga!
151. On Friday 2 October 2015, 00:33 by earn money from home ideas
155. On Friday 2 October 2015, 03:55 by how to make money in stocks getting started
165. On Saturday 3 October 2015, 08:12 by Plenty Of Fish Dating Site Of Free Dating
regular basis, if so then you will without doubt get pleasant know-how.
I believe we could greatly benefit from each other. If you happen to be interested feel free to shoot me
if you're selling your product at a loss. You will must get an expert accountant who
is informed about franchises to arrange audited financial statements.
a quick visit this weblog on regular basis to take updated from most up-to-date information.
193. On Monday 5 October 2015, 22:04 by Health Benefits Of Coconut Oil
Just want to say your article is as astounding. The clearness for your post is simply great and i can suppose you're knowledgeable on this subject.
Fine together with your permission let me to take hold of your RSS feed to stay up to date with impending post.
under the same, but throughout each game you are
You'll be able to collect each with assorted combo and attack.
from the smallest size that will make you an ultimate technology change in time
206. On Tuesday 6 October 2015, 10:17 by Benefits Of Coconut Oil
I think the admin of this web page is actually working hard for his site, as here every material is quality based material.
for? you make blogging look easy. The general look of your site is fantastic, not to mention the content!
put to create this type of fantastic informative web site.
Hi, yeah this post is truly good and I have learned lot of things from it on the topic of blogging.
The good as well as attention-grabbing articles keep
Hello there! Extraordinary stuff, please do tell us when you post once again.
seen by all other players if they pick up your gun or
If you wish for to grow your know-how only keep visiting this web site and be updated with the hottest gossip posted here.
the details which you've put on this site. It reveals how perfectly you understand this subject.
I admire the time and effort you put into your website and also
A number of them are rife with spelling issues and I to find it very bothersome to inform the truth however I will certainly come back again.
articles on this subject matter, however I was puzzled till I read yours.
they look better and smoother. If you are still trying to
decide if you are up for another round of mayhem let me try and convince you Black Ops
is worth it. Despite the registry playing a vital role inside Windows, it's
continually causing a huge number of problems for your system -
meaning that if you want to boost the speed of your COD game, it's recommended you use a registry repair application to fix any of the possible issues this part of your
Call of Duty: Black Ops offers more of what regulars are used to.
It's much much more economical, and easier on the nerves, if you believe forward
and pack a bag to take to the theme parks with you.
Just about each staff member I encountered was an American, with the exception of the housekeeping staff.
the end of your driveway. You may want to make colourful signs
that could be positioned at the end of your block to make it that a lot simpler for guests and entertainers.
get the fast meals goodies. Donate them to a women's shelter in your area.
I am sure you will discover options for this idea other than the drive
A 7 days later she known as to set up an interview, the result of which
was a four page article that came out two days prior to the launch of my initial guide!
You can pick whichever answer makes the most feeling to you.
help you make your mark and do some thing unforgettable!
thrill. If you have some other reason, you should become wary and
dissect that reason because what you might find is that all that 'smoke and mirrors' talk about why you shouldn't be doing something
- could all just be a facade. Also, determine if you would prefer to download the said video
Best thing to do is sit in a number of villages and solve every quest.
249. On Friday 9 October 2015, 01:20 by Plenty Of Fish Dating Site Of Free Dating
Kids yoga has become increasingly popular as of late. Therefore, once they start the
no doubt, much more willing to play with the colors than if they had been forced
So know lets go back to the kissing part, technically you will have to kiss Justin Bieber for as long as you can because
that gave you that thrill of wanting to be the best.
There are a number of such games available on the net, one
can browse the search engine and choose from them.
Of course, it's a Call of Duty video game, thus that is
probably not much of a amazement. The players can take the role of
skills and they try to save the world with the powers that they have been blessed with.
However, this does not mean that they lack in knowledge and skill to operate a smaller aircraft, in fact, a private pilot can comfortably
from all continents, Mafia Wars. This means you are not fixed at a certain position, like in Counter
Strike. Even when you only own one particular game system, you'll find it awesome to have a program that could duplicate
-- by which you i would love you want to develop a post.
And boy oh boy, are we grateful because this game has already taken over the majority of my Xbox time and has even managed to
version of this perk is very useful and has two added effects that will help your game play.
This will come as no surprise to the better educated Zombie fans out there,
but it's pretty important to remember this as their stupidity will end in their downfall.
We also consider methodologies for going about your application closely so that you might remember as a
in the multiplayer portion of the game so that you can purchase upgrades and customizations.
at work as well. Busty escort girl or not, you are going to find
The precise information it can access varies by browser, but a list should popp up when you install the add-on.
will help your game play. Your PC will not be able to process the
everything is structured. You will also find a free piano
sheet music that will help you learn better.
281. On Monday 12 October 2015, 00:52 by free followers on instagram
You actually make it seem really easy together with your presentation but I find this topic to be really one thing that I believe I'd by no means understand.
me. I am looking forward for your subsequent submit, I'll attempt to get the grasp of it!
These include but are not limited to: alcohol, caffeinated beverages, and certain kind of
teas. It is the adult's realization that they have experienced growth through their efforts and accomplishments in the class.
There really is such a thing as eating too much chocolate, but unless you happen to be allergic to chocolate
or the milk sugars with which it is commonly combined, eating chocolate won't cause your face to break out.
291. On Monday 12 October 2015, 12:39 by make money online free now
However, it will enable you to choose android.
I am confident you will need to do is just unmatchable
Then, you'll use your phone to scan the barcodes on all products you acquire in thhe course off
portability in mind). Try participating with them if you haven't already.
If you are still trying to decide if you are up for another round of mayhem let me try
and convince you Black Ops is worth it. Your PC will not be able to process the settings it requires to
stating and the best way in which you assert it. You are making it
enjoyable and you still care for to stay it smart. I can't wait to read much more
I definitely loved every bit of it and i also have you saved to fav to look at new information in your
If you wish for to improve your know-how only keep visiting this website and be updated with the latest news update posted here.
Hello to all, it's really a nice for me to pay a visit this web site, it includes valuable Information.
You actually make it seem so easy together with your presentation however I find this topic to be really something which I think I might by no means understand.
It seems too complex and extremely large for me. I'm having a look forward on your
life to listen news on Television, therefore I just use web for that reason, and get the most recent information.
Hot mothers are often mistaken for what is known as a M.
You need to stand out and make yourself more noticeable than other
thank you for your time just for this fantastic read!! I definitely savored every bit of it and
we can guarantee you the best high quality compromise and
With High Quality And Unique Design, Michael
It is doomed to fail from the start if that is the case.
are the same. And there are a couple of great things about it - first it is extremely low priced for the possibilities and when compared
WOW just what I was looking for. Came here by searching for diwali
I pay a visit each day a few web sites and information sites to read posts, but this website provides feature based articles.
352. On Wednesday 14 October 2015, 03:35 by plenty of fish dating service
I know this site offers quality dependent articles or reviews and extra material, is there any other website
Spot on with this write-up, I seriously believe that this website needs a lot
Everygthing is very open with a clear clarification of the issues.
I definitely loved every part of it and I have you saved to fav to check out new stuff in your
366. On Wednesday 14 October 2015, 11:26 by plenty of fish free search
I do not even know how I finished up right here, but I assumed this post was once great.
I don't recognize who you might be but certainly you are going to a famous blogger in case you are not already.
ages and yours is the best I have found out till now. However, what
your posts. Stay up the great work! You know, lots of people are looking round for this info, you could
or suggest that everyone else in the world is wrong. many
Ideal work you did, this website is indeed cool because it is filled with very good information.
Hi! I just want to give a huge thumbs up for the great info you have here on this blog.
386. On Thursday 15 October 2015, 00:52 by plenty of Fish free Search
guest writing a blog post or vice-versa? My site discusses a lot of the same topics as yours
389. On Thursday 15 October 2015, 03:57 by chinese food pick up near me
Please fill inside the following information so we can alert the Travel
typographical error on this story.
On the contrary is true that online games become more effective and people used to upon more
They're now beginning to end up being popular, though they often cost
rise in worth and can be sold for a profit.
402. On Thursday 15 October 2015, 12:16 by fast way to get free instagram followers
In the following section, we will look at few fun things to do on the web to enjoy your downtime.
Follow this blog site to remain tuned with whatever you need to maintain your yard in tip-top shape year-round.
evenly over the lawn in either early morning or night.
409. On Thursday 15 October 2015, 12:58 by Plenty Of Fish Dating Site Of Free Dating
I wanted to say I appreciate you supplying these details, you're doing an excellent job with
420. On Thursday 15 October 2015, 13:49 by internet service providers baltimore
the web sites as well as blogs that supply what you could be looking for.
is a preferred choice of mobile handsets. There will be playing games increases the efficiency of the game,
For now, but there are wind currents that work in a short
relaxation after several hours as you can contact me anything you want and expect it to computer system.
Make sure to explore your choices and use your time and money carefully at the same time.
The specialist's groups who engage in lawn mowing should examine the area thoroughly.
Thank You for writing this report. You gave a wonderful description of different methods of making income on the internet.
429. On Thursday 15 October 2015, 14:15 by best internet service providers
The most significant improvement in between this product and the others on this listing is the variety of offered shells.
because they're not effective or a lot more costly, which
A cosy cabin in the snow with a roaring fire, christmas tree and also the people you like around you.
first 10 to 15 minutes are generally lost simply just trying to figure out how
advertisement copy will get them to buy your service.
We boast of the high quality or our work as well as charge a reasonable and straightforward cost
you need to begin expanding inside your home as soon as possible.
However with the beginning of Autumn at hand,
446. On Thursday 15 October 2015, 15:44 by get 100 free instagram followers now
My photos also at times get likes from these followers as opposed to the ones I paid for.
they performed 6 to 8 weeks later on.
That's the trick: get the job done you're pleased to do, maintain your standards- no matter
most effectively to get the hardest works done rapidly at the beginning of the month.
as well as after the task is done.
A follow up to the Hub, The Misconception of Perpetual Growth, we take China
as a study and check out the PRICE of economic development.
I have a bunch of respect for grass treatment workers as well as small business proprietors like yourself, it's whatever The u.s.a is about.
Even though there are restrictions, you could still reconcile
could be an achievement not worth hiring.
I am checking out landscapers to do a task around my swimming pool, as well as currently I recognize the best ways to go about it.
Yet that was prior to the Web (I know, I'm old), as
under the surface area of the grass.
I am in fact thankful to the owner of this website who has shared this enormous post at at this time.
Take examples around the yard and send them to your
At the exact same time, LawnStarter is proactively marketing its service to clients, and as need increases, supply will as well.
The problem is, approximating is a scientific research, and
See to it you check out the local competitors so you can be according to the
going rate for your kind of solution.
in simply 4 months compared to getting it at the shop.
There's 10 of these things turned up the butt 6 weeks in the front of my 1 acre yard and
486. On Friday 16 October 2015, 00:39 by make money online free and fast no scams
491. On Friday 16 October 2015, 00:58 by facts on monarch butterflies
as Natural herbs, Cherry Tomatoes, Bell Peppers, Flowers, Salad Greens, as
494. On Friday 16 October 2015, 01:33 by health benefits of fruits
The concept behind the Aerogarden system of growing is not that different from the typical way of expanding crops as well as other plant
The expense of a premade chicken coop is frequently double the cost of building your own coop.
it is 100% risk-free for your Instagram account.
a lot more people finding and loving your organization.
What we offer here is not a hack , but a marketing of our otherwise compensated services.
506. On Friday 16 October 2015, 04:38 by how to get free instagram followers and likes
By way of a gorgeous photograph of the merchandise, followers can be attracted quite simply.
job is done, there will be no call backs.
I think everything said made a lot of sense. But, think about this,
what if you added a little content? I mean, I don't wish to tell you how to run your
got to say. Just my opinion, it might make your blog a little livelier.
If you would like to get a good deal from this paragraph then you have to apply such techniques to your won blog.
In the beginning look, it will certainly show up
that the lawn needs clearing, since the fresh cut clipping are on top of the grass.
Follow this blog site to remain tuned with what you should keep your yard in good form year-round.
519. On Friday 16 October 2015, 08:42 by how to get rid of acne scars fast
I admire your work, thank you for sharing all the beneficial blogs.
Buyers will also be intrigued in visiting a web page that is like by a lot of individuals
considering that this is a sign of excellent popularity of the organization.
523. On Friday 16 October 2015, 09:03 by Internet Business Training
for you? I wouldn't mind producing a post or elaborating on many of the subjects you write related to here.
529. On Friday 16 October 2015, 10:53 by how to get rid of acne home remedies
This is a fantastic website, could you be interested in doing an interview regarding just how
531. On Friday 16 October 2015, 11:09 by how to get rid of acne scars
The next phase is for you to examine the data from
your unique businesses and decide about which one works for you personally.
Health care insurance firms will no longer be allowed to reject
he received funds in amounts commensurate with those issues.
us any additional criminal violations. Are you saying there's a large client base.
However, the attorney, you should find a specialized understanding of the civil-rights laws.
so you have the most appropriate step if you think you may be true if you have your best interests in court.
and post is truly fruitful in support of me, keep up posting these posts.
of a customer's sickness or injury's severity.
cross into Mexico since we will not be covered by US and Canadian providers in Mexico.
547. On Friday 16 October 2015, 12:43 by private medical insurance over 70
The very first thing you must check-out may be the
quantity of deductible offered by the insurance policy.
For numerous factors, fewer and less individuals are currently signing up to medical school each year.
Your nice office there with his clients. Don't just pick a legal firm can act on your own private tool and
education that the perpetrators of these stories are often over-crowded and the growing problem.
You'll realize the basic principles of insurance coverage,
plus have a very good notion of if they are the right choice for you after reviewing this informative article.
However your lawyer will be of service tax on renting of Immovable property.
4, 2009, only about 50 years of experience with an unfortunate situation because this
brings in a civilized manner, of course and finally come.
Speaking of rates, the accused and listen to you.
The next step is for you to review the information from your various organizations and decide about which you are worked for by one.
health insurance like we should have driver's insurance.
you take your digital photography to the following level.
This is why it's such a way that the citizen is involved, exchange your name and handle business, to dangerous premise or due to an accident.
In most cases the wisest thing to search for a legal
563. On Friday 16 October 2015, 13:14 by private health insurance companies
The card offers up state health to the exact same standard as inhabitants of the nation you are in.
Nevertheless The actual level of care can change.
Being a part of friends confers bargaining power-on the people, hence allowing savings that are significant to be received by them.
because that was all she might manage.
This may even be able to use. For example, many people in the Dictionary Act defines" marriage" and to counter violent extremism to take
an appointment with your new home or even kill
the only certain writing to avoid problems later on.
Perfect for a game that has happened. Dr Langran added:" The service or attorney is able to work for example, they won't try to new possibilities. I was saying, yeah, I got my work cut out the clip in our nation's highest court should end the marriage is not admissible unless the analyst. For 24-hour service, then you are not old enough to keep the relationship between a corporation is required.
It is an affordable insurance policy for folks and households from low-income groups.
it is usually if you might have to re-build your contacts list and.
is always to assess medical insurance companies.
They sounded like they would have required a sticker to be worked out
that, I'm leaving. As a patient and get free from the media?
I agree with it. If you're a liar! S but abel I'm here.
We are not knowledgeable about either of the items you point
Folks who require immediate care for a broken leg, swing or heart attack are also protected by medical insurance.
Lots of people that work with an employer have their health insurance paid from the employer's
You do not need to pay for the exact same coverage on both your in-patient your money program along with insurance.
Be equipped for your trip, and be sure you have a legitimate European Health Insurance Card (EHIC).
a traffic analysis TIA prior to knowing the strength of the mountain.
Each year the quality that's paid-for private medical insurance is assessed and might not stay the same to year from year.
With groups of actively operating personnel, it may be suspected that they're in health
for insurance was next to impossible with cancer.
The way I am not well. And lawyer even though she was injured.
non-steroidal anti-inflammatory pain reliever in 1996
ideas or even the government one.
In Minnesota, it is unlawful to get a medical insurance plan to stop coverage for that spouse of an insured exclusively as a result of breakup.
happy marriage of the preferences as well as abilities he's obtained over the years.
I really believe that our fresh Health-Care program using its 50
Aetna has offered a number of lifeinsurance for customers, as well as in 1936 offered group-insurance policies.
type of car for the functions of their motor trade company.
By using this website, you agree to the Terms of Use and also Personal privacy Plan Wikipedia ® is a registered hallmark of the Wikimedia
is still what we make it, not what it makes us.
covered company within the guidelines of the program.
621. On Friday 16 October 2015, 14:30 by private medical insurance cost
We believe Global medical insurance should do a lot more than just give
you peace of mind for your living abroad.
I too have already been scammed by paying for an easy course card - procedure in one single day that was
If the Trust Account hadn't been robbed
a great number of instances may possibly maintain a form that is OK.
For the very first HALF A CENTURY of photography (from around the 1850s
This class supplies high-speed DSL Internet solution for just $10 a month for the initial year ($21/month
The premium is the amount you'll pay for the huge benefits protected
under your health insurance policy.
and modest population's sheer size, smaller than that of California.
Healthinsurance is regulated by some states, which can result in various kinds of
In case you are available in the market for Arizona health care insurance insurance, the ideal method to shop for it's online.
This is actually the same for both company medical insurance and person businesses could possibly offer their personnel wonderful support.
There is a medical insurance plan A contract involving the insurance
or the workplace or other finance etc.
Cover can be also provided by health-insurance including therapies and medicines
that'll not be accepted to be used by the NHS, for cancer therapy.
a part of marketing insurance, of the sport.
Due to this it seems never to be feasible to take out health address for cure you understand you
will need while in the forseeable future, or that'sn't clinically necessary.
or your regular will be to look at several aspects.
providers must be chosen by you from a record that is
You'll have the ability to compare electric motor trade
I'd undoubtedly stay away from 99.9% of Affiliation plans and tiny insurance providers with significantly less than 10 million in Resources.
This is good guidance for any sort of style of digital photography but one that appears to be more
Some states have low-cost options for solitary folks who are not eligible
The master commitment is actually a comprehensive document setting forth the
a physical examination with a doctor to become acknowledged.
In case you are one Expert, the Expert's Government presents
Request your primary care doctor how easy it is to get recommendations for experts on strategies that are certain.
This means that medical insurance company might then have to increase payments for everybody else to spread out their expenses.
The card is to be used in EEA nations solely, so it will not be good
if you are going to go anywhere outside of Europe.
harmed. Expose what you've done so that he can be a driving under the influence only applies to support your case.
The clinics are available across the country, giving you
With all the increase in the number of retirees in Dubai,
it's become important for insurance firms to supply Health-Insurance in their mind.
The costs are in relation to location, gender, age or even the zip code, or current or past
A lot of people will be needed to get health care insurance or be forced to pay a tax.
Hello, i think that i noticed you visited my weblog thus i got here to return the want?.I am trying to
So the birth of digital photography was primarily concerned with inventing ways to keep the photo and deal
with made by the video camera obscura.
The insurance policy alleviates at the least a number of the fear connected with therapy fees and allows access to medical care to individuals.
insurance coverage alone will certainly not be enough to cover your needs.
Ultimately, we should all be group hugging and sharing the love of digital photography.
million-dollar health insurance and find out what goes on.
from 12 and two years, depending on state laws.
The health insurance firms have a lot of power and preferably the deals will start to undo their stranglehold.
In addition to that, you can find additional medical health insurance supplements in Tx that can be utilized.
You are free to get treatment at your chosen hospital or center of address
you've picked on your international healthinsurance plan within the area.
The company begins spending money on the specific attention, next restriction is attained.
The lower level of calcium in the body enhance the risk of weak bones,
But you can get enough calcium from fish that will improve bone strength.
and rules might be applied in case of the person equally as to it.
which are mandated by the government that push insurance charges up by an estimated 35
It's not unimportant to understand that when you have
Many organizations possess a nationwide toll-free range in which a customer can call to have all these providers.
Based on the character of the insurance policy,
We had a section of the market, and also result from several civil
law types of human error, it accepts your money and send it off!
What are you so much! High expenses in availing the services of an employment lawyer, criminal case needs and queries but also
causes trouble to you, or the right choice.
As you would like you purchase the insurance yourself, you have the freedom
Therefore, while traveling to nations that are such, opting for a medical insurance plan with minimal coverage might suffice.
Incase your card lost or has been compromised, you will should apply for a replacement card.
make you stop briefly for a minute to capture your breath.
Hello to all, it's in fact a good for me to pay a visit this web site, it consists of important Information.
718. On Friday 16 October 2015, 16:24 by no contract high speed internet
well as offer you the very best valued quote on the market.
such as break-ins and also murders.
into a coverage that meets your wellbeing needs as well as your budget.
In line with the dental plan's dynamics, the fee
blood-pressure testing equipment.
727. On Friday 16 October 2015, 16:35 by professional proofreading service
I wish to also share something with you pal, in regards to useful insight on how you can take care of
insurance options to the charges which have been computed for each business.
733. On Friday 16 October 2015, 16:42 by health insurance companies
Most importantly, nevertheless, is always which means you don't
TriCare can be a significant medical insurance service for military servicemen and girls as well as their people.
providers to assist bring you the best policy.
particular health insurance plans.
than others on account of expertise and size.
While you can many of these are just about common sense in relation to just what a provider would not cover.
on their car insurance, the mistake.
Good way of explaining, and good piece of writing tto get data about my presentation focus, which i am going to present in university.
Usually, someone with pre-existing health issues must apply for a group
allows a plan that's especially designed for you.
were most effective and should be a part of intermittent health tests.
As well as if you're still gaming with onboard graphics, a GPU will actually take your COMPUTER to the following level.
Once you understand about the exclusions of your group health insurance structure, strike-out
COBRA legislation was put into effect in 1985 to require employers to allow employees to keep to receive medical health benefits.
You must make an application within a few months for an IMR after your
762. On Friday 16 October 2015, 17:02 by exercise clothing for women
until I got back to the united kingdom.
your home of function, you'll not require to complete a exam with a doctor to be acknowledged.
You're able to protect medical insurance requirements including dental care, eye
When the protected individual reaches the out-of- maximum,
You will find info that is useful to help answer your questions all
health insurance is also accessible even though it isn't affordable.
My health insurance costs me $93.58 each month including
Exclusive medical insurance (also known as medical health insurance) could supplement what's available on the NHS.
782. On Friday 16 October 2015, 17:21 by mouse click the following website page
The premiums are in relation to landscape,
The businesses are well-aware of the con and certainly will put in place a study for you
Yes, this is a huge problem for RV proprietors and also it could cost them thousands more
than they need to be investing.
What's up friends, its impressive post concerning tutoringand completely defined, keep it up all the time.
I have also heard of instances where enthusiasts harassed people As a result of medical expenses that are unpaid.
My daughter, who works, gets 70% of her health
care covered by the state.(and this may be the same for several workers).
The coverage relieves at least a few of the fear connected with treatment expenses and presents access to health care
For the first HALF A CENTURY of photography (from around the 1850s to 1900s) photos were reasonably
uncommon as well as challenging to develop.
Well, the just to illustrate is the fact that insurance providers are currently seeking quality prices that are greater.
A comprehensive summary of all the insurance items
As an example, the insurance supplied towards the given employer's personnel must not be the element that urges the creation and existence of the party.
This web site really has all the information I needed concerning this subject and didn't know who to
I offered the card amount as required, another £19.99, and I was informed my card was still good.
the government issues specifically these plans and may be properly used at individual healthcare services.
Part-time personnel can also be exceptional struggles to be underserved by the insurance industry.
Beyond this, there are particular plans that are much
Time to go look for the apk file, up yours Google.
When looking for medical insurance, you must be obvious about what you are likely to obtain within your care.
fitness of the people residing in a nation, health care deals.
815. On Friday 16 October 2015, 17:47 by private medical insurance spain
816. On Friday 16 October 2015, 17:48 by phone number lookup by city
However if the number you are looking comes from a wireless carrier, the search becomes a bit much more complex.
I don't believe health care delivery programs can be generalized about by
We are a team of enthusiastic Clash gamers who are extremely experienced in creating crawlers for all kinds of prominent games.
and to conduct your study of medical care alternatives.
Verify your insurance premiums, ours went up 25 % in 2011
acquire sufficient for this matter.
Physician or the primary physician can be chosen when someone medical care coverage is used.
Ultimately, we need to all be group hugging and also sharing the love of digital photography.
I would prefer something like this of great britain privately, but I truly don't want to cover
For instance, some firms have set a top how many remedy treatments you can have.
For important companies, the size of the waiting period as well as
Now why don't you compose a Hub with this issue and that I'll debate with you
without too much disputes, what they should do is just enjoy the happy time,
talking and dancing, no matter who ultimately turned out to be queen.
The cap is $250,000 which will be the most effective restriction of wellness
businesses and you also are able to cure your disease or harm.
For this age group, Medicare may include some health-related goods, however, not anything.
One significant place that you might want to pay
I added it to my bookmark site list and will be checking back soon. Take a look at my web site too and tell me how you feel.
I really don't understand how you take care of
From console to cell phone video games, there's something to learn about the area, as
Call a participant of our team now on 0800 542 2741 to review your insurance policy needs additionally as well as
find a policy to best suit your needs.
Thus, it's crucial that you have equally an EHIC along with a valid exclusive travel insurance coverage.
I would love to have gone, however i'm actually speaking that week in Turin Italy concerning digital photography and also modernism.
medical health insurance plans to choose from.
The current favorite right now is Zombies Live, and they are
of catching a broad targeted traffic and the capability of your site to gain it will be analyzed and presented to you by the professionals
I am in fact grateful to the holder of this web page who has shared this enormous article
Before the mid 20th century people used to spend each of their costs
on health care out of their own pockets.
They cannot visit when and if they want treatment, while living elsewhere.
Medical insurance providers have energy that is a lot of and hopefully the exchanges will start to loosen their stranglehold.
Ahead of the Food was handed the responsibility to manage the drug companies this by
While looking for medical insurance, you have to be clear on what you're likely to get included in your care.
For key services, the size of the time that is waiting and
You can upload ads on Craigslist as well as Facebook to market your
So that you desire your charges to be covered by a free or secondary insurance
I'm their state medical insurance trades could be the part of the brand
and kind, is just a time that is waiting.
It is very important to ensure that you really require insurance
We understand that insurance policy protection is crucial in your profession,
Alas however, most of US learn they would rather have than make an effort to get insurance of all kinds, individuals die anyhow.
If you're an individual Veteran, coverage of health is offered by
903. On Friday 16 October 2015, 19:01 by cristiano ronaldo best goals
what you're likely to receive within your care.
There been for could possibly be needed for new customers who've a pre-existing condition and also have a waiting period without insurance plan.
She informs him to check out it and also to call her
when he's done, creating her contact number on the palm on his hand.
be really something that I feel I'd never understand. It seems too complicated and very extensive
for me. I'm having a look ahead on your next post, I'll attempt to get the cling of it!
To determine if it is a DNS problem,. lets simply go directly to the IP address
The card delivers up state healthcare to precisely the same standard as citizens of the country you are in. Nevertheless The precise level of attention can vary.
It's vital that you be sure that you really need flood insurance before
from the insurance bureau or insurance company.
At that time you purchase tickets for the journey you will most likely be presented insurance.
business users. It might sound fantastical but believe it, play is almost the same time.
Whether we are choosing to use a variety of mobile gaming,
allowing players to play them for assistance. As compared to as in, they play games and hard.
There is no-limit to the quantity of health care presented to 1 person over any time frame.
You will discover numerous free downloadable software program on-line that may provide help to
if you are described a medical facility for therapy.
you'll like The Fine art of Photography.
Eventually, we should all be group hugging and also sharing the love of digital photography.
They needed being a class to purchase medical insurance small company and unemployed persons to help you to share together.
they still get medical treatment, although the true quantity
of bad without health insurance simply because they can not manage it is 8 million people.
The costs are paid for by many medical health insurance policies just up to a specific quantity of pounds.
These are incredibly important issues to consider
It is an overwhelming prospect to many, so they dont' clean out anything,
and eventually leave it for their children. There isn't any product on earth as adaptable and inherently
multi-purpose as steel, and there is no structure as useful and efficient as
needed as well as install them inside their system.
NHS about any of it and so they have explained that my card revival has been prepared.
That could mean should you choose one among our higher level ideas that you're removed.
With categories of workers that were actively performing, it might be suspected that they're in typical health.
photography, based on the training course Wedding Digital photography for Beginners.
In most of the world's nations, the care industry has encountered
They are liberated within and choose what they feel best matches their medical care requirements, to pick the terms of course's master plan.
It is a massive error since the older you get the additional money it's
planning to run you for that insurance to produce.
It is a type of medical insurance wherever suppliers make use of a particular network of hospitals, centers and physicians.
She might note something that does not impress her; thus, she might pull out.
So instead of writing about changing the black women, let's just
go with the flow and enjoy it for what it is. Between numerous
Individual health insurance could be less extensive than class health insurance.
to make sure you get the assistance you need, and not the cost.
in order to protect your payments.
This is because an organization health care insurance policy provides for guaranteed
the NHS at the moment, with regards to National healthcare, you're dead right!
Health-insurance is designed to cover our medical expenditures for preventive treatment, for illnesses, injuries,
mixed-up and every aspect of health care, I simply cannot stop myself.
With over 30 million people uninsured in this place, what we
976. On Friday 16 October 2015, 20:12 by postal address verification
you can and can not receive your private healthcare.
I go to see day-to-day a few blogs and blogs to read articles or reviews, but this blog offers feature based content.
As you could see, the environment-friendly arrow travels inside the hair roots,
however there's no way it could possibly from
that passage" to get to the YELLOW ARROWS!
By investing in a life insurance policy, in this case, this household may safeguard itself against poverty because of this of the daddy's premature death.
Net investigation to have any information you are missing.
Our individual medical care consultants could be achieved by telephone or personally to
about weight loss, nutrition, and physical activity.
When your doctor can refer you to our weight loss program,
we welcome you to join us without a referral.
Finally, realize that the masters of digital photography are merely our guides, not our masters".
a sudden loss in revenue and inability to pay payments.
that ca n't be comprehended by me.
attached themselves to the opposition group.
You could already be included if you have health care insurance in your home nation, thus talk with your supplier if you need additional
I used to be in as well as abroad Spain, Majorca
Inside the Usa, many people purchase medical insurance on their own, while some get it done
through their employer or even a professional connection.
no as well as the postcode on your licence.
regards to policy's insurance carrier and form, is really a waiting time.
Therefore, relax with your favorite beverage relax and let us shop for automobile insurance.
55-to-64 year olds lack insurance.
Unlawful for a medical insurance policy, it is in Minnesota to terminate insurance for an insured just due to a divorce's partner.
Yes, spring brings warmer weather than its predecessor, but don. It's a good idea to wait to buy your dress until the color scheme for
No, it's not even certain whether or not Coach Fisher looked disgusted.
There are various designs available in the lingerie section like the thongs which is just perfect to show off those beautiful curves and
the baby doll which gives you a fairly like appearance.
to give your wardrobe a bit of an update, buying a skater dress
should be at the top of your list of things to do.
Still life is a broader classification for food as well as some organic photography and also can be made use of for marketing
The USA is tops when it comes to the degree of hi-tech
When you've narrowed along it, to ensure that if
it is one of the most significant procedures you
As of 2010, only 25 states allow vendors to sell this kind
of insurance to households and individuals.
Hey there! I've been following your web site for a long time now and finally got the bravery to go ahead and give you a shout out from New Caney Texas!
The point is the fact that the team becomes the machine of underwriting,
and insurance rules might be placed on it just-as in the case of the
The best plan is chosen by a few of the medical insurance Georgia corporations have interactive methods to assist you.
To be successful in the adventure sports genre calls for an exceptionally unique skill set, possibly a lot
more diverse than any other category of digital photography.
In general, James recommends steady weight loss in the vicinity of half a pound to a pound per week.
wide to ensure you receive the company you need, and not the purchase price.
$600 pounds annually, respectively which is included in my income-tax.
Many women all around the world, if asked, would change something about how they look, but often do not speak of these in public.
know the way insurance policies work, one which just discover the most affordable health care insurance.
An HSA could shelter as much as $3000 (or more) of the personal
money from fees, for each family member who's on the high-deductible
It comes that when you have health insurance in California, you're more prone
to reap the benefits of regular examinations that are
and it really is significantly less complicated to do a period of
You need to understand a few things to look for in a insurance policy before you read the reviews of
the least expensive health insurance program possible.
Cooking meals at home permits you to handle each portion size and what goes in to the meals.
Anyone on the age of 16 could apply for a free American Health Insurance Card
Lower Cost: A third characteristic of class insurance is the fact that it's typically lower - defense than what will come in individual insurance.
The very same rule uses: if the cable television business does not service your location, you will certainly not be able to get
The first step is to attend a Surgical Weight Loss Program
My partner and I stumbled over here by a different web address and thought I might as
effort to make a superb article… but what can I say… I put things off a
and was curious what all is required to get set up? I'm assuming having a blog like
(March 14, 2013). Of course, the impact on the screen resolution is magnified on such a
app that uses a picture of an object instead of text to
You would be able to enjoy these matches
in their true sense with your family and friends without having the troubles and wait you have
to do for getting into the stadium. But coaching is a great career and pathway out here to have.
and videos which you can subscribe to increase your knowledge
Smartphones are the ideal way to access the Internet on the go, but when
you want to connect more Wi - Fi device and help a friend to
looks to attract a high degree of concern.
Original draft treatment - These are a full synopsis of the screenplay, including all the main scenes and character development.
He bangs around at all hours of the night,has a very hot temper,
system can be accessed and purchased both on the internet
and even locally. in university student loans at graduation and the population normal deviation is $2,000, you can discover.
exposure when they drive their cars without proper protection.
We all know that classics worth more than the normal ones right.
Colors are faithfully reproduced and there were no bad pixels.
You can use the tablet all day long and it will still be
which boosts the contrast ratio from one,000:1 to 20,000:one.
I don't know whether it's just me or if perhaps everybody else experiencing issues with
your blog. It appears as if some of the text within your
know if this is happening to them too? This may be a problem with my internet browser because
Hello to every one, as I am truly keen of reading this website's
There are no commitments, you get to pick and select the surveys that you need
to take, and you can stop taking them at any time.
Hi there to every body, it's my first pay a visit of this web site; this website contains
If you print in black and white, this is a decent choice.
$35 billion dollars, continues to be with the
This rise in the use of mobile applications for fun, browsing, and purchasing
and develop their own mobile apps for the following
are volunteers. One of the best that I have ever seen is the Kikball.
These birds may be of a feather, but their introduction isn’t promising:
a person with respect and popularity in fashion, glamour and film industry.
Color grading will be applied to fix the colors and make them appear more filmic, and sound mixing and editing will create the audio tracks that are necessary for a clean soundscape.
Besides, foods high in fiber like fruits and vegetables are rich
change should be gradual with several days (5 days to a week is best) between changes.
1099. On Monday 26 October 2015, 05:09 by laser hair removal Oklahoma City
always been a beautiful device, so if you like the idea of a slightly larger i - Phone 5s, the Alpha will
likely be right up your street. This is further expandable up to 32 GB via inserting a micro - SD card.
As you can see, with so many communication venues,
you can lose track of what you're doing.
So, a coach must have the ability to handle various beginners without losing their curiosity
to play soccer. As an avid supporter of the round
ball game (either soccer or football), you are passionate about soccer.
One of the reasons might be when you have a bad day at office.
and telephone exchange. It is available online at the best price at 4GSource.
is still the machine of choice for those who want to get some serious work done.
Once the song is identified and tagged, it provides a wealth of information about
more. Discover the technology of each person dependent on these mobile phones for different purposes.
The Bollywood movie industry is not that old in the market but it has made a huge a gigantic entrance into the
Also, find out if they're able to provide top quality articles for the web.
changes. Spreadsheets are so frequent place that my daughter learned how to use it in 5th grade.
Many people film great videos without the use of an Android phone.
to help keep their family, business, or relationship safeguarded should know that it is now common practice to monitor phones.
Keeping the phone is like taking the whole world with you.
An example could be, while applying to college for an accounting degree program,
someone who has a special talent with spreadsheets and send a disk in with some of
their work. Although the question is almost always 'optional,' it still is a routine part of
the Common App made available by over ten percent of the membership.
I am extremely impressed with your writing talents as well
I'm glad to be one of many visitors on this outstanding web site. many thanks for posting.
This situation gives rise to the need of different
the girl and this type of news is also called as crime news.
News is presented in order to obtain highest viewership.
Music is one of those key features, but its quality is often determined
by the accessory we listen to it through, but which set of headphones are best for getting
a useless phone that no longer works and will have to
It's not my first time to pay a quick visit this web site, i am visiting this web page dailly
RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to fresh updates and will talk about this website with my
which is always a sign of a good product. 3 hours
finish looks cool, and is easy to grip), fast, perfect size - not very small and not very big,
and it's time to be happy. I've learn this submit and if I could I wish to counsel you few fascinating things or advice.
a league of its own, with the exception of the X100e. You can
Right click on the program that appears and select "Run as Administrator".
However, data residing on the rest of the disk remain unaffected and can be used in case bad sectors
To turn a toolbar on, click once with your left mouse button
on the toolbar name. If you wish your product to get a high rating
by the company. Any user, irrespective of his geographic location,
Battery life is exactly what is expected from a phone of this range, it falls
Also the young like to surf the Internet for entertainment anywhere.
as other mobile phone making the sliding easier and more convenient.
This is a really well written article. I will be sure to bookmark
it and come back to read more of your useful
Twitter. But in this room, the people were smiling and happy and joyous.
99 for obtaining the new set alongwith a two-year contract.
use and many additional functionality has available in the form of application, which can be use by
every game have their essence and thus people want to induce them in their phone.
Your picture shows the level you are at but not how far until the next level which is annoying.
is more than enough. * You can find out about the release dates of the
latest films so that you can plan to watch it at your nearby
World, the UK's leading specialist in toner cartridges and ink cartridges.
1148. On Thursday 19 November 2015, 17:14 by moisturizing gel socks for men
The easiest way to seek for it's with , the most important unclaimed money database on the planet.
to say about this piece of writing, in my
It is easy to see in nature the necessity of the ebb and flow of life, is a
necessity for life as we know it. If you want to spend little but still
A simple sprain is one of the more common ankle injuries sustained and
whilst it can be very painful, will rectify itself following a few days of rest.
If you do, you will find that you start winning more games than you lose.
where the stud players on defense will be lining up.
each time i used to read smaller content that also clear their motive, and that is
Its not my first time to pay a quick visit this web site, i am visiting this web page dailly and
site could certainly be one of the best in its field. Terrific blog!
your articles. Keep up the great work! You know,
a lot of people are hunting around for this information, you can aid
Hi there to every one, for the reason that I am really keen of reading
this blog's post to be updated on a regular basis. It contains
My blog site is in the very same niche as yours and my users would really
No matter if some one searches for his required thing, thus he/she needs to be available that in
your blog posts. In any case I'll be subscribing to your rss feed and I'm
1175. On Wednesday 9 December 2015, 21:41 by kelebihan Samsung Galaxy Note 4
If you have had an android phone before you will be able to easily get used to this phone in no time at all;
and if you are new to the operating system, it is also really easy to get used to.
Samsung offers two models, with 16 GB or 32 GB internal storage, with plenty of storage for the needs of most
I have heard the phrase "Just Win Baby" since that time. In order to be a good player, it is important to learn these various skills and master them.
Back in those days you had to trek on foot or by car to find the
However, that is simply not working because migratory birds
are carrying the avian flu to distant lands, thus spreading its contagion.
However, there is no chance of any problem in the delivery of the product and it will reach you within the duration only whatever is mentioned in the
What are or are not the bounds and responsibilities of one
on their own and fall prey to the biological imprimatur; survival of the fittest.
The modernity and security have made the destination a very popular choice among tourists.
Counterterrorism operations, direct action operations, unconventional warfare, and special reconnaissance are just a few of the missions included in their career as
Love it. I have been previously trying to find this data. Fantastic data I'll visit to find out more about the Lentil soup Eating plan.
Once you start using it on a regular basis, you'll wonder how you
ever got along without it. Tablets on the other hand are
Hello There. I found your blog using msn. This is a very well written
article. I will be sure to bookmark it and come back to
In summary, just submitting a press release is not enough to get
expected benefits of this powerful online marketing tool.
If so, you have found a direct pathway to getting your content into
Hi there, i believe that i noticed you seen my own blog thus my partner and i reached rewind this choose? . I am just wanting to to find items to strengthen this site! I guess their sufficient to make use of some of your own aspects!
1204. On Wednesday 6 January 2016, 19:30 by Medical Entrance Exams
Hello, i believe that i noticed you visited my web site so i came to go back
believe I'd never understand. It kind of feels too complex and extremely broad for me.
I'm taking a look forward for your subsequent post, I will try to get the cling of it!
I'm 45 years old and I can say that streches, physiotherapy and exercises are must, if you want to treat sciatica. I had a severe form of it, but now it's gone.
I'm a busy person, so I had no time for physical therapy at hospital or rehab centre. I didn't know what to do back then, the pain was killing me... So, I did a research and found an alternative treatment which don't require me a lot of time and money.
It's an e-book, written by a former sciatica sufferer. I admit, I learned a lot from him. He taught me almost everything about sciatica and how to cure it. I followed everything carefully and I've got prompt results - I completely got rid of sciatica in only 1 week. Crazy right? Till now it's not coming back, so I started to think that the result was permanent.
I recommend every sciatica sufferer to read this e-book because it does wonders. I'm leaving a link to a review of that e-book:
This time around we are going to be demonstrating an appreciable glance at the more refined and modern day experiences this genre has had on offer.
More importantly, what do you do when you cannot watch your favorite teams play.
Whilst it may be very painful and affect a player's ability to apply weight to the joint, let alone run,
it is a self-limiting condition which should get better within a few days.
I have read so many articles on the topic of the blogger lovers however this piece of writing is truly a fastidious
I think everything posted was actually very logical. However, consider this, what if
your content is not solid, but suppose you added a title to
! - TAKE A TOUR IN THE FRENCH CAPITAL! is a little boring.
You should look at Yahoo's front page and see how they create news headlines to get viewers interested.
or two to grab readers excited about what you've written.
to a famous blogger if you are not already ;) Cheers!_
web the simplest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I definitely get annoyed while
You managed to hit the nail upon the top and defined out the whole thing without having side effect , people could
I got this website from my friend who informed me regarding this site
entirely off topic but I had to tell someone!_
This article offers clear idea in support of the new users of blogging, that truly how to do blogging._
And i'm glad reading your article. But want to remark on some general things, The site style is great, the articles is really great : D.
I am really impressed along with your writing abilities and also with the structure
Hip Hop blog, a website every music lover will like to visit.
The sudden appearance of a terrible loss like that is
out of place in the corn-popping procession of fear-mongering, bear-baiting,
place else may just anyone get that kind of info in such a perfect method of writing?
A number of them are rife with spelling problems and I in
Hello, i believe that i noticed you visited my blog thus i came to go
back the choose?.I'm trying to find things to improve my website!I guess its good enough to use some of your concepts!!
Keeping your cupboards away from the clutter, you can save the downloaded movies in the hard drive of the system.
Not just that, these titles cover a wide range of genres; in fact almost every
genre that you can possibly think of, such as Action & Adventure, African American Cinema,
to the 18th in 1969, half a million people attended and more tried and failed to get to the Woodstock
Its advanced features and technology helps you to make good success in your business.
With this system, exactly the right amount of water is
You might have tried to access the Internet on an older
I think the admin of this website is genuinely working hard in support of his website, for
This piece of heaven on planet earth doesn't only attract regular tourists from worldwide, but people who
a real obsession of women, especially the nice and elegant designer.
their cute offspring strolling in the park on a Sunday afternoon.
My blog site is in the very same niche as yours and my visitors would genuinely benefit from a lot of the information you provide here.
you have to apply these methods to your won weblog.
Though girls and women suffer the brunt of domestic abuse and the consequences of using characters
so well either. t for these days, anybody and everybody can write one.
This paragraph will help the internet users for building up new blog or
1260. On Thursday 21 April 2016, 15:16 by laser hair removal avondale az
smart. I can't wait to read far more from you. This is
it all at the moment but I have bookmarked it and also included your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read much more, Please do keep up the superb work.
you're just too fantastic. I actually like what you've acquired here, certainly like
what you're stating and the way in which you say it. You make it enjoyable and you still care for to
keep it smart. I cant wait to read far more from
Try to uninstall Nero 7 and see if this will solve the problem, and at the same time you may want to uninstall the Divx pack
ways of altering the perspective of the video images,
and how to apply video transitions.
1272. On Wednesday 1 June 2016, 04:31 by make money with instagram
of the issues. It was truly informative. Your website is very useful.
places and the entire structure will be embedded in the adhesive
Hi to all, the contents present at this web page are really remarkable for people
You can also use the same list in the future as well and change
the ingredients and quantity as per your needs for the following week.
Pretty soon, the stethoscope may only be seen in museums, going the way of card catalogs, black and white televisions, and the princess phone.
and Geo-tagging and push notifications.
I have read so many posts about the blogger lovers but this piece of writing is truly a nice post, keep it up.
and designs like Mamitons. Thinking of getting your pilot's license, but not sure if you can do it.
They will struggle emotionally (a baby is no walk in the park and some will not have support), financially
(where will the money come from.
Their mind can be put to rest in matter of minutes, and this means
The situation of the other 17% was so bad that they
the public also changes due to media. He considers that there is
no other option for news which is better than a newspaper.
I have been browsing on-line greater than 3 hours lately, but I never
the time and actual effort to produce a very good article… but what
can I say… I hesitate a lot and never manage to get
You are so awesome! I do not believe I've truly read through anything like
that before. So nice to discover someone with genuine thoughts on this topic.
Seriously.. thank you for starting this up. This web site is something that's needed on the web, someone with
One can play a critical role in the go-green initiative by choosing a
celebrities who like to take the celeb gossip sites in their stride.
I stumbleupon on a daily basis. It will always be exciting to read through content from other authors
There are hundreds and thousands of publishers who compete for a share of this market pie.
the boom of the Internet, which is not continuing to be fastest growing means of
Immediately contact your local TV news station and ask to speak to someone on the assignment desk.
Sure, it was the name of a white abolitionist ' from Ali's own
Let us have a quick look at the news that the news channels offer to their viewers and how the information helps
the viewers in their day to day lives. Discover the dates,
natural, bath and body products. One of the offshoots of the wonder that is
a lot of exclusive content I've either authored myself or outsourced but it appears a lot of it is popping it up all over the internet
you? Plz answer back as I'm looking to construct my own blog and would like to find out
after that he must be pay a visit this website and be up to date every day.
What are the characteristics of people like these reporters.
At the same time, the star uses frozen food every 1,5-2 hours to prevent aching hunger.
This post is truly a nice one it helps new internet viewers, who are wishing for blogging.
To be specific, there are more reasons to own one 'Lizard' in the ride.
phone into an indispensible smart phone. It is priced under $200 for the unlocked version which makes it a great deal.
Some of the very best intelligent phones on the market today can nearly exchange laptops for each company and personalized use.
Compared to using 120 volts, a 12-volt outdoor lighting system uses less power; 12-volt cables can be
Hello colleagues, its great post about tutoringand completely defined, keep it up all the time.
1328. On Friday 16 September 2016, 22:17 by medical definitions and abbreviations
Come to think of it, celebrity gossip sites do things the right way, when
there is an opportunity. It sounds like a fun gamble and I can think of a few celebrities that would be worth a
the first 10 to 15 minutes are lost simply just trying to figure out how to begin. Any
something that have always been the key interest points for the audiences in India and also across the world.
In my opinion this is perfect set for action movie.
the way for a successful job search by simplifying and in most cases reducing the number of steps in the process leading up to a job interview.
Not everything of these, are being accessed by people all around.
If some one desires to be updated with most up-to-date technologies afterward he must be go to
see this website and be up to date daily.
After checking out a few of the blog articles on your site, I honestly appreciate your technique of writing a blog.
be checking back in the near future. Take a look at my website too and tell me your opinion.
If you want to grow your know-how simply keep visiting this site and be updated with
40's, the brunette star looks as svelte as ever.
from Houston Tx! Just wanted to say keep up the good job!
Hello it's me, I am also visiting this website regularly, this site
1349. On Thursday 3 November 2016, 08:42 by Local Window Contractors
to do to get it is worth the reward. Also she's missing out on
the fact that these programmes are full of 'stars' who want
publicity, so there's no guarantee that she will have the chance to get
a word in edgeways. Simon Cowell stepped up his security detail,
at an undisclosed price, after finding a tracking device under his car.
dawn, since i enjoy to find out more and more.
She's very honest with her beauty tricks, one of them being her mink lashes that go for $30 a pop.
Being human, it is in the nature of every person to know
about the happenings around the world and favorite stars.
Consumers are more likely to purchase products recommended by trusted and well reputed blogs, rather than try something new.
Of course, celebrity diet tips really are temporary solutions to a bigger challenge.
Only the people of South Africa can decide'I hope for the best
it. ''''Others, it's all-embracing Tiger day on July 29th.
the bunch. Everyone, mom, dad, brothers and sisters, all need to
important for you to be extra careful in deciding which movie critic and reviews you trust and which you don.
My web site looks weird when viewing from my iphone. I'm trying to find a theme or plugin
that might be able to fix this problem. If you have any recommendations, please
Oftentimes you have to restore images that were not up to par
When importing clips, sometimes you will get a variety of error messages.
We fantasize about how life would be like if we where celebrities.
And many of them are not naturally blessed like others.
While being a celebrity in The Sims 3 Late Night gives your sim some benefits, it also comes with some downfalls.
internet and on internet I found this web site as a most excellent web site for hottest updates.
for the position of staff photographer for Rolling Stone,
price tag to go with it. Do you wish you could
have the same kind of treatments and skincare to help you
stay looking young and beautiful.
And the changes in phosphorous, at times, appear to
an annual amount of 210 000 000$ from the California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation (CDCR) to properly manage such operations.
Hi friends, its fantastic post concerning educationand fully explained, keep it up all the time.
s a safe an easy chore that takes only a few minutes to get completed.
They are all legal movies downloads, and nobody will be hunting you down.
Dream partner, a step-by-step manual on how to
that wasn't limited to men of a certain persuasion, he also brought Lana Turner and Natalie Wood to stardom.
quirky, offbeat, community offers a variety of articles and discussions on common and not so common topics in parenting news.
on their systems. As far as setting the romance scene goes, he's on the
the same time, and while the rest are perfect as evening dresses, these are just the right
ones for you for a causal gathering of friends.
Hello everybody, here every person is sharing such know-how, so it's good to read this blog, and I used to pay a
and your industry to see what business news is accounted for that could influence your organization or the business all in all.
The people of many religions and languages live together in this country.
It's always exciting to read through content from other authors and practice something from other sites.
1964 with long hair trailing over his collar, which caused such an outrage
at the time. So, if you are a fan of a popular figure, go and
check out a large number of celebrity picture galleries and choose those that really interest you.
for a certain movie role or when getting into shape for a special occasion, and in this regard you can do the same thing.
With the coming of web portals and online entertainment
news websites, you could safely that yellow journalism has turned a new leaf.
own a ring similar to the one that is worn by royalty. I believe it
was about healthcare benefits or lack thereof.
Nevertheless, every day the people who wish that their followers
This is an artistic and ethical quandary you will have to address in your own heart.
On one side, it portrays the violent cases, while on the other, it depicts the drama involved in the personal lives of
Grace and the other characters.
to download the media content in sections-making your movie download experience inconvenient to say the least.
Even when you know someone well, you still may not
know what to give on birthdays, Christmas, etc.
1386. On Thursday 22 December 2016, 05:58 by surviving military deployments in afghanistan
At this moment I am going away to do my breakfast, once having my breakfast coming over
Even with a team of fashion stylists, hairdressers and make-up artists, nothing can prevent acne leaving brown spots on darker skin once the pimple has left.
Undoubtedly, the movie is one of the Hayek's finest romantic comedy films.
raving about. I have been working in the film industry for nearly 15 years and I was using these methods myself, until about 1 year ago.
1391. On Sunday 25 December 2016, 14:21 by great porn website service in las vegas
up for the excellent info you've got here on this post. I am returning to your web site for more soon.
The same is valid for administrations that are advertised.
Business news was once just accessible in a daily paper that changed when TV landed on the scene.
Sub-Saharan Africa and is looking at other
new to me. Anyways, I'm definitely delighted I found it and I'll be bookmarking and checking back often!
web the easiest factor to consider of. I say to you, I definitely get annoyed whilst other folks think about concerns that they just do not realize about.
You managed to hit the nail upon the top as smartly as outlined out the entire thing without having side-effects , folks can take a signal.
video clips. This article will tell you how to trade Forex on news releases;
one of the implementation of fundamental analysis.
Although other department of corrections management systems are experiencing similar problems with their prisons and jails such
none seem to have gotten so much media attention consecutively than the San Quentin State Prison.
Hey There. I discovered your weblog the usage of msn. This is an extremely neatly written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and come back to read extra of your useful information. Thank you for the post. I'll definitely return.
1401. On Thursday 12 January 2017, 07:09 by mobile website design company
Thanks for sharing such a pleasant opinion, article is pleasant, thats why i have read it entirely
Also, The contents are masterpiece. you've performed a magnificent process in this matter!
make your point. You clearly know what youre talking about, why waste your intelligence on just posting videos to your weblog when you could be
of Georgia. In the good old days there was no chance to get of
giving news to people in general. Now they know the expectations, it is time for
the learner to practice their new skills.
Graduating college in a movie is short and simple, but in real life it is extremely long and hard.
In order to enjoy access to these media, some are offered free whereas others
require some form of subscription or payment as per use.
blog. I really hope to see the same high-grade blog posts by
to the previous ones, but the efficiency of this processor has been massively improved.
great for those who don't have to worry about hitting a data limit when surfing the internet.
this take a massive amount work? I have no knowledge of computer programming but I
These remote control cars for adults pit every 6 minutes or so, if you run the Nitro Methane engines properly and there is a
frenzy of activity before each race to get the cars up to
speed and finely tuned. All of the media platforms in China go through government censorship or self-censorship.
he is actually reaching out to those individuals that need love, hope, and courage.
1414. On Wednesday 1 February 2017, 15:11 by ecommerce web developers
For example, many people are familiar with the situation where when there are suspicions that your spouse or partner is having an affair with someone else, and worst still,
such suspicions grow from day to day and make life miserable for you,
and you want to finally learn the truth. The naked eye 3D smartphone or the Holographic Display
1. In short, it is a complete app for your images
It's really very difficult in this full of activity life to listen news on Television, therefore I just use web for that purpose, and obtain the most up-to-date news.
Prison…Take a look at the inmates and guards in
the western states. Information about these trends can be
easily obtained online, together with the latest coverage, analyses and reports for use, not just for Lebanese
citizens, but also anyone of the international community.
Sony Ericsson Vivaz boasts of a new design that fits into the natural curve of the hand.
75 per month, you will receive 50 more minutes and text than the other types of tariffs.
First of all I would like to say great blog! I had a quick question which I'd like
getting my thoughts out. I do take pleasure in writing but it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes
content and additional stuff, is there any other web page which
writers? I'm planning to start my own website soon but I'm a little lost on
spelling on quite a few of your posts. Several of them are rife with spelling problems and I to find it very troublesome
to tell the reality however I will definitely come again again.
Great article! That is the type of information that are meant to be shared
I've been exploring for a little bit for any high-quality articles or weblog posts in this sort of space . Exploring in Yahoo I finally stumbled upon this website. Reading this information So i am glad to convey that I've an incredibly excellent uncanny feeling I discovered exactly what I needed. I so much for sure will make sure to do not disregard this web site and give it a look regularly.
It's nice to come across a blog every once in a while that isn't the same unwanted rehashed information.
Hey I am so delighted I found your weblog, I really found you by mistake, while I was
and a all round exciting blog (I also love the theme/design), I don't have time to read through
updating the paint colors in your home, you may choose to use a non-toxic paint remover.
c) If you want to make chocolate butter cream, all you need to do is add.
"We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths. You must have heard about the Blu Ray discs, which is highly popular for highest quality picture and sound output. IL11ILILIIl - LLLILILLLLIILLLIIL11111LLILii - LIli - Ll - ILl - Lii - LLIi - ILL.
If you would like to increase your know-how only keep visiting this website and be updated with the most recent news update posted here.
two different web browsers and both show the same outcome.
regarding this article. I wish to learn more issues about it!
1458. On Monday 3 April 2017, 02:25 by computer disposal companies
Whoa! This blog looks just like my old one! It's on a totally different topic but it has pretty much the same layout and design.
You are so awesome! I don't think I've truly read anything like this before.
So nice to find someone with a few genuine thoughts on this subject
1466. On Thursday 6 April 2017, 15:02 by Online commentary and discussion with Kruse
I think the admin of this web site is in fact working hard in
favor of his web site, for the reason that here every stuff is quality based data.
A recent study suggests that female hair loss may be caused
by vitamin D deficiency. The Internet is quickly becoming the preferred news source over television, magazines, and trade publications.
This is somewhat intriguing, on the grounds that numerous individuals basically expect it to mean something
Hi everybody, here every one is sharing these familiarity, thus it's good to read this website, and I used to pay a quick visit this blog every day.
the web the easiest thing to keep in mind of. I say to you,
I definitely get irked at the same time as other people consider worries that they
top and defined out the entire thing with no need side-effects , other folks can take a signal.
Hi every one, here every person is sharing these know-how, therefore it's nice to read this weblog, and I used to
Pretty part of content. I just stumbled upon your site and in
Hi there, the whole thing is going well here
I just want to give an advise to all those that do this: People,
just get a life, a life that fits you most. The very inspiring Indian journalist and
He ended his two-decade long stay with Harper's Bazaar to
I have read so many content about the blogger lovers however this paragraph is really a fastidious paragraph, keep it up.
Aw, this was a really good post. Taking the time and actual effort to produce a great article… but what can I say… I put things off a lot and never seem to get nearly anything done.
right. This post actually made my day. You cann't imagine just how much time
1490. On Friday 5 May 2017, 00:48 by property investment for beginners
Thank you, I've just been searching for info about this subject
make a great article… but what can I say… I put things
is happening to them as well? This could be a problem
I have saved it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have
a large amount of work? I'm completely new to blogging however I do write in my
1499. On Friday 19 May 2017, 13:19 by how to shoot a pistol – everything for next level shooting
read!! I definitely loved every little bit of it and I have you book-marked to check out
Hi, the whole thing is going perfectly here and ofcourse every one is sharing facts, that's really good, keep up writing.
Hello, everything is going fine here and ofcourse every one is sharing information,
Hi there, i believe that i personally noticed you actually frequented the blog as a result my spouse and i stumbled on return back your favor? . I'm just looking to to seek out what to enhance my website! I reckon that it's blog pendidikan adequate to work with several of your ideas!
During 2hours walking tour, experience a time in the life of a famous Parisian Artist!
On sale soon, our "quiz" or how to have fun in a neighborhood through a treasure hunt "celebrities"!
Find your own tailor-made items (bags, clothes, accessories, clothes)

So how do you build a super successful travel homeworking business when you have no customers?
And secondly, you need to look very carefully into how that travel homeworking company manages the relationship between customers and their homeworkers.
The way we work at Holidaysplease is completely different! Our ethos is all about building the relationship between the customer and their homeworker from the start and then repeatedly.
Travel agents working in retail stores often worry about slow sales in November and December every year.
With Holidaysplease you don’t need to worry!
Andrea joined the Holidaysplease Team around 6 years ago and has grown into one of our most consistent high performers.
Virtual reality, artificial intelligence, robots can all now be found in retail travel, call-centres and airports enhancing the customer experience via inspiration and improved efficiency.
That means truly outstanding personal service and knowledge from the very first interaction a travel sales person has with a customer, through the sales process to pre and post departure and beyond.
The robotic restaurant is a reality. Can I envisage a robotic travel agency built around artificial intelligence, 100% I can! It will succeed because it will be quick and cheap due to efficiency savings and of course no staff salaries.
New travel homeworking enquiries have been coming in thick and fast the result of which is some great people lined up to join the award winning Holidaysplease Homeworking Team over the next few weeks.
We’ve also had to let down a few people. Why? Well firstly we are fussy. You don’t achieve the Trustpilot customer services ratings we do at Holidaysplease without a great deal of commitment and expertise from our homeworking team. We cannot afford to take on anything but the best.
And secondly, we recruit responsibly. The easy option for us would be to sell the dream and paint an irresistible picture of homeworking being a land filled with milk and honey where the sales just flow in and commission is easily earned.
Yes, over time by doing the right things consistently well and working with real commitment you can build an amazing homeworking business with Holidaysplease, and many of our team have done so. But it is no easy ride.
If we are not sure that someone can achieve what they want as a Travel Homeworker with Holidaysplease then it would be irresponsible for us to take them on board.
I’m sure there were a multitude of reasons why the judges chose Holidaysplease 😉
Announcing Holidaysplease as the winner Mike from Fred Olsen made particular reference to the close relationship we have with our team and the things we do as a company to look after and develop our people at HQ and our homeworkers.
Mike also highlighted the work we have done on our email marketing as part of our unique customer rewards programme which over 10,000 customers have now signed up to.
Each of these customers receives a regular communication from us which is individually tailored to the holiday likes and preferences they have shared with us.
There are two key reasons for this :-
1) As the holidays we sell are mainly to long haul destinations with an average selling price close to £5,000 our customers tend to plan and book well ahead.
2) Via our thousands of effective online marketing campaigns generating new customers and the consistent smart marketing we do with our existing customer base, we create opportunities for the Holidaysplease Homeworkers to make sales pretty much every day, week and month of the year.
And there is the third, and perhaps most critical element. Attitude.
For every travel homeworker attitude is the real key to the door. Set high goals and believe you can achieve them and you just might do exactly that. Take the easy option and settle for second best and guess what, second is where you will end up.
So believing that we can create opportunities every day that can lead to a sale is engrained in the Holidaysplease culture and attitude.
Too many people in travel get switched on and busy for peaks or lates, then pretty much go quiet for the rest of the year believing that it is only in peaks or lates that customers want to buy. Wrong attitude!
If you are a can do travel expert hungry for a Travel Homeworking Opportunity with a partner that is switched on for 12 months of the year rather than 4, then we’d love to hear from you.
At Holidaysplease we don’t do peaks and troughs. We do consistent effort matched with a firm belief that our goals are there to be reached.
Every successful Travel Homeworker will be self-motivated and super determined. They will be an action taker happy to rely upon themselves rather than others to get the job done.
At the same time they will value knowing that support is there when they need it.
Which is why we continue to invest in the Travel Homeworking support we give to the Holidaysplease Homeworking Team.
Last year our twin pillars of support became three when Michelle joined. Her energy and knowledge has proved invaluable to the team over the last 9 months.
We have always strived to provide not just support, but quality support. Our Holidaysplease Sales Team Leaders do not wait for our team to need them, they are pro-actively in touch with the team on a regular basis.
The leaders help with day to day issues, as well as addressing big picture challenges, and helping the Holidaysplease Homeworkers develop and grow their businesses.
To do this well, our Leaders need to constantly evolve and develop new skills of their own. Which is why our three Sales Team Leaders plus Natalie, our Head Office Team Leader, are currently in the middle of a 15-month Leadership Developing training programme developed by Reality Training.
The investment in the training programme is a significant one, and the demands that it places on our leaders are heavy. Still, the new skills and techniques being developed and learned will ensure that as a business Holidaysplease continues to provide the very best Travel Homeworking support to our team of homeworkers.
Every time the Olympics come around I am reminded of how powerful a motivator having a dream can be. For some the dream is just to become an Olympian, for those at the very top of their sports only a medal, often a Gold one, will do.
Her sales exceeded £250,000 for the month and the commission earned on those sales was greater than what the majority of travel sales people will earn in a year!
My highlight has to be my booking with £20k in commission, and of course hitting my £1million in sales for the year!
For me starting out as a travel homeworker and being able to work from home as my children go through school, watch their sports days and school achievement assemblies without having to ask a boss for the time off. I have always loved working in the travel industry and to be selling holidays from my own home with no limit to my earnings is like living the dream.
Earning the extra income has allowed me to spoil my family at Christmas and hire a cleaner!
One of my main highlights was an Hawaiian trip for some local customers. He was a huge volcano fan and really wanted to see one up close. We started off with a £6k budget and I ended up booking them a trip of a lifetime for over £14k! This was their letter in our local magazine :-
As advertising managers for the Village Voice I thought I would let you know about the excellent experience we have recently had with one of your advertisers.
My highlight would have to be hitting my record £78k month while being on holiday and only working half the month! Dragging in the final £12k booking whilst relaxing in a huge pool villa by the sea!
There are so many highlights this year! I think the one that stands out is a client who had arranged a total surprise wedding at the Rendezvous on her birthday after being together for 25 years.
I have a few highlights this year. Getting my Gold Award for sales having been silver twice in a row. I was really proud to finally get there, all the hard work paid off.
I had my best sales month ever in February booking over £100k.
I was lucky enough to go on two amazing FAM trips to Australia and Mauritius. And this years Conference in Portugal was a fantastic couple of days with great Suppliers and brilliant to catch up with old friends I now have after 5 years with Holidaysplease and make new ones.
Also my repeat customers, people who had previously booked once before that are re-booking. For me this is huge, it reinforces that they are happy with what I’m doing so will not only re-book but recommend me.
Homeworking with Holidaysplease is honestly the best decision I have ever made! I am over the moon with the amount of my customers booking and stunned by the amount of money I have been earning doubling my previous shop managers salary in one month and not even feeling the slightest bit stressed!
Keen to join in the fun? Our recruitment team Gemma and Agne are ready to chat with you on 0121 200 5705 or email gemma.mcleod@holidaysplease.com or agne@holidaysplease.com
This time next year it could be your Travel Homeworking highlights of 2018 that we are talking about!

A truly unique writing experience that combines the exploration of powerful, deeply-felt emotions and the real-life moments that shape our lives. This is an opportunity to not only expand your skills, fall in love with your craft again, but to create a community with other female writers who want to share their story with the world. Let Taslim gently guide you through writing for healing, and how to wonderfully tackle complex emotions in writing.
Share your ideas with other women, in a safe and supportive environment. Receive feedback on your writing;
Sign up for this amazing, one-of-a-kind online workshop. Master difficult memories and spin beautiful narratives, then submit them to Her Story for publication in our journal.
Writer and workshop facilitator, Taslim Jaffer, has been tuned into the power of journaling for over 25 years and has published memoirs in a number of inspirational anthologies. Join her and other women in an interactive, hands-on session exploring this topic. Be prepared to listen, write, share and ask questions. This workshop is perfect for writers of all stages whether there is a current writing project brewing or simply a means to practice the craft.
The two-hour workshop will include,
The opportunity for some participants to share their writing, and receive feedback from the group;
Sign up now or contact us for more information. Everyone, committed students and those wondering if our workshops are right for them, are invited into our free writer’s community for women. Sign up to join us in this private Facebook group.
Access instructions will be displayed and emailed after your order is confirmed and processed.

1 :: Where do you see your career in five years As Paperhanger Assistant?
2 :: Tell me about a time when you had to use your presentation skills to influence someone's opinion As Paperhanger Assistant?
4 :: What education or training have you had that makes you fit for this profession As Paperhanger Assistant?
6 :: Are you good at working in a team As Paperhanger Assistant?
I guess everyone takes a pen or paper or little things like that. But other than that, NO. I have never stole from my employers or better yet As Paperhanger Assistant, from anyone.
Why not, I am not only doing a repetitive work but also earning but also getting a good salary by the company As Paperhanger Assistant. And second thing is that nothing is interesting in the life till we are not interested.
This question seems simple, so many people fail to prepare for it, but it's crucial. Here's the deal: Don't give your complete employment (or personal) history As Paperhanger Assistant. Instead give a pitch—one that’s concise and compelling and that shows exactly why you’re the right fit for the job. Start off with the 2-3 specific accomplishments or experiences that you most want the interviewer to know about, then wrap up talking about how that prior experience has positioned you for this specific role.
26 :: How would you be an asset to us As Paperhanger Assistant?
Think again about the job specification and the skills needed for this role As Paperhanger Assistant. Have a paragraph prepared highlighting how you will be able to do the job and what you can bring to the team. It goes without saying that this paragraph should be positive.

Places To Stay On The Big Island _ Nowisland.com
Places To Stay On The Big Island is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at December 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Title: Places To Stay On The Big Island
Places To Stay On The Big Island,5 / 5 (0votes)

Here are some other places where you’ll find YOSO teachers.
Saturday Dec 1 – 10:00am – 1:00pm – Elizabeth is teaching the “linen stitch” at her shop in Barrie. Contact her at elizaknits.com or 705-725-8536 to reserve your spot.
There’s also a trunk show Showcasing Yarn Indulgences, a local Canadian dyer, from 10:00 am – 4:00 pm the same day.

14 days and you miss school already? XD; (unless the winter break in Poland is just shorter than I thought.... _D;)
Well, I mean 14 days of doing absolutely nothing. I hate nothing to do. It´s fine to have a rest for few days, but no so long ;DD
(I don´t miss only a school, I miss to do something :D:D)
I hate having nothing to do as well, but I still think it's better to have time to do whatever you want than having someone decide it for you. XD;;

Jan 26 A new, lo-fi way to play.
The annual event that brings together the world of art and design with Ping Pong for charitable good.

Once our contractors have an understanding of your property, along with your budget and business goals, we can dive into the specifics and make recommendations on which commercial roofing in Springfield might serve you best! There are a variety of different roofing options for Springfield commercial properties, so it’s important that you understand the Pros and Cons of each. Your experienced John Beal contractor will make certain that you do, acting as your guide.
If you’re ready to get your FREE estimate and learn which commercial roofing solution is right for you, contact John Beal Roofing today!

Impact assessment of investment in aquaculture-based...
This impact assessment study sought to understand the influence of two major aquaculture‑based li
This report, the 14th in our series of adoption studies, documents the adoption results for four
The Middle Hills region of Nepal are home to 44% of Nepal’s population, 66% of whom derive their
Thirty years ago, ACIAR published the first edition of our flagship Partners magazine.
The first comprehensive reference on the sharks and rays of Papua New Guinea, it contains everyth
This map illustrates our project work. It does not reflect the views of the Australian Government on disputed international boundaries

Our water machines create molecular hydrogen or H2. Hydrogen has been backed by hundreds of independent studies to support the body's ability to stop cell-damaging free radicals that are responsible for disease and cancer. We are a hydrogen company who uses water as the vehicle to enter the body.
Ready to get started and take your health to the max?
Most of the food we eat affects our cells and cause oxidative stress or damage that can't often be repaired. Hydrogen water stops these cytotoxic radicals before they even start.
There are over 24,000 chemicals in bottled water and far worse in your tap water at home. We have equipped our Hydrogen Water Machines with state-of-the-art filtration mechanisms so that you have the cleanest water possible.
Along with getting clean water, we will also give you antioxidant rich water from the power of molecular hydrogen. Feel Better, look better, and perform better!
Our whole purpose is to educate and empower you to make healthy choices for yourself and those around you by providing you the tools to change your health forever.
We believe in you and your ability to positively influence those you surround yourself with and to help bring forth the healthy change they seek.
"Paul has been a missing part of my life. Hydrogen water should be a key part of your health."
Are You A Sales Agent? Subscribe To Get More Notifications!

bedroom; for the rest of the play the action takes place in the small
It is a May morning in London, and we are looking at part of
situated in a Mayfair Square, and the bedroom is on the second floor.
Through the open window at the back one can see the tops of the trees in
the sunlight, and from the square below there comes, since this is the
At the dressing-table, clad in a ravishing creation which she calls a
is less a person than an institution. For more than ten years now
'cut' until his name is dropped from that list. There are those who say
doubt, are such as have had to wait too long in the crush on the
nor the crush prevents them from being on the stairs next time.
and in her own time she has been passed on from one generation to
her mistress's head; but her own hair is done as she first learned to do
reunion last night in the housekeeper's room?
of hair) A little farther back, that.
LADY C.: That is better. Well, what is the gossip?
CRIPPS: I understand that none of them are railways, my lady.
CRIPPS: Beginning from the north end of the Square, Number Three is
Twenty-two lumber—that is something to do with wood, not second-hand
things, my lady—and Twenty-eight is something new called Advertising.
CRIPPS: They say it was the punch, my lady.
LADY C.: The woman never had any sense.
CRIPPS: It is said to be involuntary, my lady.
LADY C.: Poor dear. His memory, is it?
CRIPPS: No, my Lady, he has taken to carrying parcels in the street.
the winter one does things, even in town, that one would not dream of
[There is a knock on the bedroom door. CRIPPS goes to the door and
comes away from the door) I wonder what Poppy is doing out of bed at
CRIPPS: She is no doubt glad to have you back, my lady.
Tillicoultrys, was there? (The accent is on the name, and she obviously
as soon expect gossip about our own household.
LADY T.: Millie, my dear, how nice to have you back.
CRIPPS: I am very well, my lady, thank you. (She provides a chair for
looks a little older. Her clothes, down to the last glove button,
but they have an odd air of having been put on by accident. Even
placed so that the two women can see each other in the mirror.]
LADY T.: I know this is an absurd hour for anyone but the butcher's boy
to call, but if I waited till luncheon there would be a dozen people and
I would never see you again alone until August.
says that if I don't get a new wig he will acquire a mistress. I wish he
would. No woman should have to endure the attentions of a devoted
husband after eleven years of matrimony.
LADY C.: Why don't you go back to your own hair? It must have grown by
LADY T.: Oh, I could never endure to go through that every morning.
might as well get some advantage from it.
LADY C.: You would make a profit out of Satan. Why did you want to see
LADY T.: Because you are my best friend and I am in trouble. (She
LADY T.: It is not the county; it's the constituency. Didn't you read
happens in England when I am out of it.
LADY T.: You'd be surprised what can happen in Scotland!
LADY C.: The by-election, was it? What went wrong?
LADY T.: So did everyone else. That is what went wrong! Everyone was so
Perth? Don't be so detached, Millie. You must help me.
LADY C.: What do you propose to do about it?
wrong thing in all his stupid life.
LADY C.: Then what do you suggest?
LADY T.: I thought that you might, so to speak, take the rough off him.
'take the rough off' for yourself?
LADY T.: How can I? We are not on speaking terms. I shall have to bow,
of course, when we meet on the same platform. When I open bazaars and
LADY C.: (silkily) And you think he would not object to me?
LADY T.: Well, you are a Liberal, and therefore of no consequence
up with me? And can you tell me why I should be bored by having a piece
someone found him there, no one would think it odd. Everyone expects you
LADY T.: Socially speaking, of course.
LADY T.: No, as in the river. T-u-m-m-e-l.
LADY T.: Oh, please, Millie. Pretty please. I do not ask for miracles.
Just a corner off here and there, and a new suit or so. (As this
and amusing, and an artist. You ask me to put up with a Scot who is a
Irish, everyone would begin finding excuses for them.
one of the great beauties of the day, he has resigned himself, not
unhappily, to being the tail of a comet.]
LORD C.: Oh, gone, gone. Poppy, my dear. (He shakes hands with her)
How nice to see you after all those months. How was the winter in
LORD C.: Not in trouble, is she?
LADY T.: I have done my duty. Two sons to be heirs, and two daughters
LORD C.: You don't pull any wool over my eyes. You dote on your little
that he has had it) Oh, nonsense, Millie, my dear. I have never known
you forget a birthday of either of them.
LADY C.: If I didn't know you so well, Gussie, I might suspect you of
irony. As it is, I will not have you burning incense under Poppy's nose
right in front of my eyes. There is no enormity of which the woman is
LORD C.: (amused) And you, of course, are going to.
see no reason to give him either tea or attention.
LADY T.: Am I not a good reason?
LADY C.: It is no great hardship to share a platform with someone, even
if he does look like the wrath of God.
LADY C.: I don't expect you'll die of anything. You'll probably talk
your way out of even that. I wouldn't be surprised if St Peter sent you
LADY C.: The first time I met you, at the age of six, you got out of
over the bread and butter so that it made a pudding, and you have been
getting out of things ever since. It is time that you kissed the rod.
that his morals are above suspicion.
name) Tummel, and find out exactly what he plans to do with us.
LORD C.: I take it he has plans for us. What I would like to know is
whether the plan is capital—that is to say, a piece of rope and a
lamp-post—or whether he would be content to see me working a
small-holding. If he could really arrange that I spent the rest of my
life in the country with my pigs, I would become his earnest disciple
LADY T.: I forgot to ask for the pigs.
wife) It is the 25th, by the way, Millie. You will see that we have
nothing that will need me at the top of the stairs about then?
stand at the top of those stairs again.
LADY C.: If he hanged you, you wouldn't either. I have to stand at the
LORD C.: Yes, my dear, but you have a moral support that I lack.
LADY C.: You don't consider him a civilising influence?
be excused. I hold that it is the inalienable right of every free man to
LORD C.: I sometimes think that all they had was high blood-pressure.
LADY T.: He has neither wife nor an alibi.
LORD C.: Just a natural inclination to sin.
LADY T.: You may not have to suffer the tedium much longer. He is going
like that nowadays. It went out with Knox.
you won't do anything about him; but then, of course, he might have
refused to have anything to do with you, mightn't he? (She makes it a
LADY C.: You make me sound like an importunate parlour-maid.
couldn't use you as a reference?
you want to make an impression. Are you going my way, Gussie? I can give
LORD C.: I am going round to the Club, but I think I had better walk,
thank you. It is so easy to lose the use of one's legs in Town.
LADY T.: Well, a sort-of-mustard tweed thing. If you could get rid of
that you would be doing the country a service.
LADY C.: I shall make a note of it.
LADY T.: You seem to think that he will come.
LADY T.: What makes you so sure?
LADY C.: He will want to preach at me.
LADY T.: You will be careful, Millicent, won't you?
LORD C.: I don't want you carrying a candle through the City clad in a
Charing who will do it. (There is an edge to that that has not been
LADY T.: Well, my dear, I go. Let me know if the creature accepts.
LORD C.: No, with Archie. He has a man from India he wants me to meet;
the man who did that irrigation scheme. Watered a whole province.
LADY T.: Au revoir, my dear. (Pausing for a last word) Oh, he has a
LADY C.: You aren't expecting me to make him into a Tory for you, are
LADY T.: No; I am hoping that you'll make him a Liberal. Then he will
be defeated at the first General Election.
CRIPPS: I expect so, my lady. It is half-past ten.
river: T-u-m-m-e-l. (To herself) Did anyone ever hear anything so
part of the magnificent suite used for formal entertaining. It is a
L. is the fireplace, and beyond it the door to the landing. Back, is
small side-window looking out on one of the streets leading out of the
half-sideways, so that the light falls from the writer's right front.
It is between four and five o'clock.
reading a newspaper. All one can see are his head, his feet, and the
newspaper. His chair is turned away from the door, and is of course well
beyond it, so that anyone opening the door sees nothing but an empty
After a moment there is a murmur of voices, the door opens, and a
what is now known as an inferiority complex, but so deeply seated is it
and so unsuspected (even by himself) that no vestige of it is apparent.
Both NEIL himself and the world in general would be surprised to know
that he was not supremely sure of himself; in fact, neither would
yellow suit. It is, soberly speaking, not yellow at all, but it is
pepper-and-salt in colour, and in texture reminiscent of a potato-sack.
anyone—Victor must have thought the room was empty. I have usually gone
to the Club by this time. Won't you—?
LORD C.: Oh, yes. How d'you do. Won't you—?
NEIL.: You'll have heard of me.
LORD C.: Yes, yes, of course. Poppy told me about you.
LORD C.: Yes, an old friend of the family.
LORD C.: Ah, yes. The by-election. Quite an achievement. Won't you sit
down? I expect you've called to see my wife.
LORD C.: Yes, yes. She will be here any moment. She is very busy over
completely) Victor will have told her that you are here. (Making an
effort, since NEIL seems to be making none) It is good to see the
was a wonderful job. Ten years' work and his health gone. But what a
thing! What a thing to look back on. A whole province saved from famine;
LORD C.: (genuinely interested) Is that what you did?
NEIL.: (at a disadvantage) No. No. But I know the slums, of course.
to use as counter to a man who talks down to him to the extent of pigs)
NEIL.: (offended) I fail to see anything extraordinary about it.
odd, you know. So you are an admirer of Aristotle?
LORD C.: Well, I have known men who found fault with his form.
NEIL.: Then how can he bore you?
talking at cross-purposes, you know. You are talking about the Greek
LORD C.: I am talking about a pig.
LORD C.: Yes. Yes, I'm afraid it is all I am interested in. I was
hoping that you knew something about them.
from circles, both domestic and social, where he is the centre of
hope you are comfortable in London?
NEIL.: I'll get used to it, I expect. I have a Scotch landlady, so
interested in your—in your policy. I don't know what that policy may
be, but it would be interesting to know just what—
Forgive me, won't you, for having kept you waiting. I don't need to tell
you what committees are like. And when I tell you that I am not only
it is that I am still in one piece.
last sighting was still travelling under her own steam.
LORD C.: Well, I shall leave you to—
LADY C.: Won't you stay and have some tea, Augustus?
LORD C.: Thank you, no, my dear. I should have gone some time ago.
Those evening papers that come in the afternoon are a great snare.
day we must have a talk, and you can tell me about that policy of yours.
LADY C.: Yes. Ten o'clock. We'll dine very sharp, if you don't mind,
LORD C.: I don't know why we dine at all. They give you marvellous food
at that place. All I have ever been able to do with it is look.
away, Lady Charing, that the only thing that brought me here was
NEIL.: That has not been one of my activities.
LADY C.: Then I doubt if even you have known the full fury of committee
is no limit to the variety. When one is merely making the best of this
one, the choice is limited. But I am quite sure that ten Socialists
with the same number of women fighting over a charity pageant.
NEIL.: Why do you have a pageant, in the first place?
And it gives all the silly women in London a focus for their silliness.
weeks, there is little energy for much else. In extreme cases a lover
has been known to carry over till next season.
LADY C.: I mean, if one is shocked to the core by, say, the Continental
Sunday, there can be no reaction to further shock, can there?
NEIL.: Your pageant shocks me a great deal more than your lovers.
is making you a fancy dress while some woman in the East End is
dress would be that four people instead of one would be half-naked. If I
NEIL.: But the State should support her invalid mother, and see to it
that her work was productive. That she made things for the common good,
LADY C.: Not gauds. I see. Ah, well, that will be something for you to
LADY C.: All the people who are making money out of my pageant. The
out the chairs. You will be kind to the little man who hires out chairs,
LADY C.: I am sure that a well-run state will have all the chairs it
wants, and he will be so lost. His whole life is in chairs. (Having a
thought) Of course he may be dead by then. There is that possibility.
How long do you think it will be before the state regulates breathing?
present form is cracking under our feet. You may think you're a
NEIL.: The people who produce the goods in this country want a share of
the wealth that results. They aren't as ignorant as they used to be,
they are asking questions, learning to combine, feeling their strength.
They're on the move, I tell you. Men in the factory, the pit, and the
yards. The working people of this country. The ferment's in them.
Moving. Beginning to seethe. And what do you think the result of that is
lead me to the guillotine, and you to the wars, and bread goes up
NEIL.: (after a moment, leaning forward) You may not believe it, Lady
NEIL.: I am going to lead my people out of bondage.
LADY C.: (in a tone of surprise and disappointment) Oh, you can't do
NEIL.: (roused) I am going to lead my people out of bondage if I am
NEIL.: (in his element) My mother was a widow, and we were so poor
that we had meat only once a week. She brought me up on milk and
or to be pleased at the compliment) And when I went to college—
LADY C.: You went to University?
LADY C.: But I thought you were very poor.
LADY C.: Who paid for it? The State?
NEIL.: (resenting the catch) You could call them that, I suppose.
(Going back to the fascinating subject of his sufferings) But there
LADY C.: I adore oatmeal, but I was never allowed to eat it, because it
was supposed to be bad for the complexion. You don't seem to have many
NEIL.: (definitely) I haven't any. I don't suppose you can even
imagine what it is like to face the same food day after day.
LADY C.: No. Just a diet. It was supposed to be good for something or
other. What did you do in the holidays?
smelling of bird-cages. There was nothing to do, and I shouldn't have
been allowed to do it if there was. And when you left college?
NEIL.: My father was a blacksmith.
LADY C.: But you say that honours shouldn't be hereditary, don't you?
You can't take any credit for your father. You disappoint me, Mr Tummel.
Here I was, all prepared to hear a tale of a starved and thwarted life.
freedom and consideration of your childhood, mine was a penal servitude.
Are many of your party like you, by the way?
LADY C.: But you managed to fight an election.
NEIL.: (understanding the hint) Some friends put up the money.
of fact, I went to see the regular Socialist crowd this morning. There
was some talk of my joining them. They don't like Independents. But I
NEIL.: They talked too much. I like to do the talking myself.
LADY C.: I take it that your wife is a silent woman. Are you married,
hadn't a wife before you asked me here?
NEIL.: Did you ask me here without my wife. I mean, without the wife I
LADY C.: Let me tell you something even more monstrous. I would also
have invited your wife without you, if she had been the interesting one.
LADY C.: Is this your first visit to London?
NEIL.: Uh-huh. I've never been furth of Scotland till now.
LADY C.: You must let me show you some of the lovely things.
NEIL.: (who is feeling comfortable again) On condition that you let me
LADY C.: (without emphasis) No, I'll show you one. You won't know
LADY C.: (matter-of-fact) Oh, yes. Before my marriage I used to work
two days a week in the slums. I had a club for girls. And I used to help
content with a hobby that takes less time.
now? (He tries to get a sneer into his voice but it is not very
LADY C.: A cottage-hospital at Charing. It was my mother-in-law's
creation, and I inherited it from her. Not so interesting as
NEIL.: (completely floored by the question; the only time he has ever
LADY C.: It will be interesting for you to compare them with Cockney
ones. And if you come with me you won't have things thrown at you.
is going to be vouched for in a slum by one of the hated aristocrats)
LADY C.: They don't like snoopers.
NEIL.: But I'm a Member of Parliament, and a Socialist!
LADY C.: Well—forgive me, but that is what the suit you are wearing
NEIL.: You mean this suit makes me look like an artist?
LADY C.: (who likes artists) I wouldn't go as far as that. It is the
kind of suit that an artist might wear.
LADY C.: (kindly) I'm sure it is.
contempt) But perhaps the technicality of that is too much for you.
NEIL.: It's not an impression I would like to make.
LADY C.: Then I suggest that you cast your eye over your colleagues in
the House, and pick out something that gives the required impression.
excellent. You can't expect a body of men who habitually sleep in their
LADY C.: On the House of Commons benches, of course.
NEIL.: (grimly) They won't sleep when I talk to them.
LADY C.: No, I think perhaps they won't.
NEIL.: (pausing to look at her a moment) Does that mean you're
impressed with me, or just that you think I've got a loud voice? (For
the neck. I suspect Moses had it too. He would never have been able to
LADY C.: That's the worst of you reformers. You know so little of human
Anything to be rid of it. (Her eye is frank and innocent; and, anyhow,
NEIL has never thought of himself as odd) Let me give you some more
LADY C.: I don't hate them. I merely distrust them.
NEIL.: Because they want to upset the world you know.
LADY C.: No. They love to think that they are playing God, when all
they are doing is playing old Harry. Did you take sugar? I forget.
How can I educate you if you dislike me?
LADY C.: But I don't dislike you, Mr Tummel. On the contrary. You
LADY C.: Very woolly, and earnest, and running round in circles, and
[The Curtain comes down on his protest.]
The room is empty, but one can hear the distant strains of a string
orchestra. The windows are open, and through the back one can be seen
impression that it is very late: early morning rather than night.
After a pause, filled with the distant music and the frou-frou of
in. The room is, as he expected, empty, and he comes in, shutting the
door behind him with a satisfied air. He is carrying a plate with a fork
and some food on it. He comes down to the chair on the up side of the
fireplace, and sits down with an air of relief. He is beginning in his
and he looks rather like a small boy with an ice-cream. The orders he is
creature. (As he tries to get up) No, don't move. You are a deserter
and liable to be shot, but I am your ally. We can be shot together.
runs parallel to the fireplace) Shall we be blindfolded, or shall we
LADY T.: (looking at his plate) I didn't see anything like that on
the tables. Where did you get it?
LORD C.: They keep it under the counter for me.
has been left out in the rain. (Nevertheless she licks her fingers with
Beamish creature. How does he manage to keep going, do you think?
it has been the usual conspicuous success, hasn't it? Everything as
I still don't know how she does it. My parties look like a Sunday-school
wrong kind of profile. Talking of profiles, do you know who is here
dress-clothes looked as if they had been handed down rather than picked
LADY T.: They don't put up any money to re-elect a man who wears a
LORD C.: Dear me. I have always held that a man who wears a boiled
shirt is an object for pity rather than blame. I shall be very glad to
get out of mine. Why don't these people go? I sometimes think that the
'homeless' of London doesn't refer to the people on the Embankment at
LADY T.: A great many have slipped away, but no one can go officially
in the Balkans royalty is taught when to go home.
LADY T.: The trouble is, they're enjoying themselves.
LORD C.: Then he was probably reckoning how much he would have to pay
LADY T.: Oh, no; he was answering.
LADY T.: He appeared to be greatly interested.
once, but he bit my head off. (Considering it) Of course, Archie
LADY T.: ... But they are more respectable than the Socialists.
LADY T.: He is probably tired of his soap-box, and wants to spread
have almost forgotten what a platform looks like. We have nothing to
offer a bright young man; office, honour, or employment.
without trying to make a good story out of it.
LADY C.: Gussie, you wretch, you should be ashamed of yourself. And
you, Poppy, for aiding and abetting him.
LADY T.: We were only having a breathing-space.
LADY C.: It really is too bad of you to desert me so flagrantly.
LORD C.: (beginning to go with her) No one ever notices that I am not
there, my dear. Have they collected all their detectives and things?
wrap, Gussie. We had a bath mat just like that when we were children.
strolls over to the window, back, and out on to the shallow
balcony, where she is half-hidden by the curtain.
This, being at the side of the house and looking on to the
the people leaving from the door, which is just below it. From the
be allowed to go home to our beds.
CRIPPS: I hope your ladyship doesn't mind my being here. (She is not
never at peace until they have gone.
LADY T.: What are you afraid of—bombs or bugs?
LADY T.: It would be a nice break.
(As the visitors come out on the steps below) There they are. (Having
understand; everyone is descended from kings. You know—you sleep with
LADY T.: Well, it is a better one than his wife's.
show. Is it true that she has become a Christian Scientist?
CRIPPS: She says that it is such a comfort to know that there is no
such thing as the body. (Considering the crowd on the steps below) You
know, my lady, the world is changing. When I was young one knew every
sometimes— (She cannot find it in her heart to put it into words)
LADY T.: Well, it's nice to see even a Member of Parliament enjoying
to belong to a trade that is both unskilled and unpaid.
CRIPPS: Football, my lady. They are paid for playing, it appears.
planned to elope with him. But when I found what he did for a living I
CRIPPS: What did he do, my lady?
she turns to go, the door opens and VICTOR, the footman, comes
considers himself in the glass, tries to see himself in profile,
tiara, and lifts it off her hair, leaving it lying on her lap.
is carrying a small tray on which there are dishes and a bottle of
NEIL.: You haven't had a bite to eat all night. I've been watching you.
NEIL.: Your Chief Lackey says this is what you like.
LADY C.: Yes. It was charming of you to think of it. I hope you enjoyed
NEIL.: I found it very interesting, thank you.
LADY C.: You are looking very chic. You must admit that what you call
NEIL.: (who is very pleased with the figure he cuts in his
LADY C.: I hope you have had some supper.
NEIL.: I couldn't see anything I recognised.
LADY C.: Do you have to be on bowing terms with your food?
NEIL.: I have. What is so surprising about that?
LADY C.: I had somehow taken it for granted that yours was a unique
NEIL.: She is of no interest whatever.
LADY C.: Well, I disapprove of you too, but I cannot eat supper alone.
Do you think you could pick up sufficient courage to nibble at a mystery
LADY C.: I suggest you go back to the dining-room, ask Parker to give
you a tray, do 'Eenie, meenie, minie, mo' among the dishes, and bring
afterthought) And of course it would be very pleasant to have supper
LADY C.: You won't be once you have tasted hock. If you don't hurry up
I shall have finished before you come back.
LADY T.: Millie, darling, I don't know how you do it. I only wish I
tie. I do congratulate you on that job of work, my dear. Just a little
LADY C.: I promised to make him pretty for your platform, not to alter
LADY C.: What do you call them?
LADY T.: A political point of view. Where do you think he got those
LADY T.: That is what they look like.
not occur to him to order something he could not pay for.
LADY C.: Don't be absurd, Poppy.
LADY T.: You have been taking him about quite a lot.
LADY T.: Oh, I know he is a stupid creature, that no woman in her
senses would waste her time on. It's his profile I'm afraid of. Give a
one morning in a plain van. Why should you imagine for a moment that I
LADY T.: I didn't, until you mentioned his convictions. And now I keep
LADY T.: Yes. Someone said that you had been seen riding in a bus, with
LADY C.: Is the gravamen of the charge the bus, or the young man?
who gets a seat? Your wig is crooked.
LADY T.: You know that I am not talking about buses. It is your own
are spoiling everything. I asked you to tone him down, not to take him
LADY C.: Well, I am toning him down very nicely, and I think you are
LADY T.: You are spoiling him. Running round the town with him, and
falling in with his absurd ideas. Don't tell me that the bus-riding was
afterthought) And if you ever tell him how you and I hopped in and out
LADY T.: I could kill you at this very moment. That creature's head
LADY C.: Oddly enough, I don't exist except as a brand to be plucked.
intelligent, and has hopes of making me a useful member of society.
intellectual amusement. Believe me, my dear, if he had a profile like a
new moon, you wouldn't be in the least amused. So 'lay not that
much better word. You can't see farther than his nose.
extravagantly, why couldn't you sit on the same platform with it, and so
LADY T.: If a man wears a yellow suit it doesn't matter to me if he
looked like the Archangel Gabriel.
LADY C.: But you think that I am more susceptible.
LADY T.: So there is nothing to keep you from noticing his profile.
LADY T.: You needn't be sarcastic with me. (The emphasis is on 'me')
LADY C.: Well, I got him into tails for you. He is an ornament to any
platform. And all the thanks I get is a lecture on behaviour.
you are illogical, unreasonable, ungrateful, and tiresome.
LADY T.: And you are far too fond of being godmother to squids, and
change of tone) We are not quarrelling, are we?
think it is very small of you, Poppy, to come and create a scene when
you know what an exhausting evening I have had.
LADY T.: (unimpressed) You've had a lovely evening.
Balkans. A woman who wears a bath-mat is capable of anything. And I
didn't come to make a scene. I came to tell you how lovely everything
charming of you. I expect we are both tired.
that you were being nice to the creature, forgetting that being nice is
a habit with you. I know that you could never waste an unnecessary
NEIL.: Lady Tillicoultry doesn't know me, maybe, but I know her well
NEIL.: My father used to shoe your father's horses.
LADY T.: Your father must have been a remarkable man. My father never
NEIL.: (in righteous disgust) That's no way to speak about her father.
(Carries his tray down and places it on the opposite side of the table
LADY C.: Don't you believe in telling the truth about one's parents?
But, of course, being a blacksmith, your father was no doubt admirable.
Now I think of it, I have never seen any account of a blacksmith
clean work, too; you would think they would be content.
very small plates, each with a different kind of food. In an astonished
LADY C.: (counting) ... six, seven, eight, nine. Good gracious!
NEIL.: I took a little of everything I didn't know.
NEIL.: I consider that this is part of my education.
LADY C.: Then I can only say that by tomorrow morning there will have
been at least one part of your education that you will have paid for.
However, I am glad to see that you have brought a bottle.
NEIL.: I'm ashamed about the bottle.
LADY C.: Nobody has cause to be ashamed of that hock.
NEIL.: By the time I had made them give me all those little plates, I
had no courage left to refuse the bottle. But of course I'm not going to
It has nothing in common with what you call drink, (dropping her voice
a perfect fifth) which I take to be 'something to keep the wet out'.
is the stuff that ties up a man's tongue (he thinks first of speech, of
NEIL.: (with a swift return to the matter of fact) This will be the
first time in my life that intoxicating liquor has ever passed my lips.
[She casts him an amused glance, but his eyes are on the glass.]
NEIL.: Is it potent? (He picks up a fork and begins on the first of his
including clay pipes. What is this? (He refers to the dish he is
LADY C.: You know, Neil, you are improving.
NEIL.: Because I am dressed up like a monkey?
LADY C.: (suddenly out of temper) Oh, don't be so stupid. That is the
NEIL.: There is a difference in cut.
LADY C.: Of course. But that is a matter of individuality, not of
The Duke of Sidborough, on the other hand, looked as if he had picked up
a comedian's outfit at the last moment.
NEIL.: Then if it wasn't my clothes, in what way have I 'improved'?
LADY C.: You haven't told me how many working-class families could be
or fifty families for two years.
LADY C.: When your sister got married, for instance?
LADY C.: The only difference is that you have fifty friends, and I have
NEIL.: I don't suppose you knew half those people here tonight by sight
LADY C.: No. But they know me. And expect to be asked to my house. And
because they come to my house and drink my hock, someone in your beloved
entertaining little Señor So-and-So will come out of your pocket. (As
to come out of your pocket when I have stopped paying for them. I shall
be surprised if you have the price of a drink left. (Noticing that
NEIL is eating) Don't you think you had better leave that till later?
NEIL.: (who has a sweet tooth and no palate) It's fine, whatever it
is. (He goes on eating it) So you give parties just to keep the poor
well. That is lucky because it happens to be my duty to give them, and
NEIL.: Work! What would you do if you had seven children and a husband
LADY C.: Make a success of it. I should have made a very good wife for
NEIL.: You! I don't suppose you know the price of a pound of butter.
LADY C.: (reasonably) No. But I should only have to be told once.
NEIL.: Have you a part in this pageant?
NEIL.: (after a pause, still staring, slowly) It's an odd thing, but
until this minute I never thought of you as a real woman.
LADY C.: You must have granted me a stomach, or you wouldn't have
NEIL.: No, I suppose not. I expect it was beginning to dawn on me.
LADY C.: Well, now that you realise that my hair lets down, am I to be
he lost the first prize for onions after twenty years.
LADY C.: If we didn't pay them, you would have to.
LADY C.: Then the State would have to pay fourteen men and a boy. It is
for his pigs. And he is terrified, of course, of Macrae.
(Contemplatively) The Revolution is going to have a difficult time
with Macrae. I hope you will be kind to our tenants, by the way. They
are used to being looked after.
people who can't pay their rent?
LADY C.: It wasn't the deserving I was thinking about.
NEIL.: At least there will be no more exploiting by landlords.
LADY C.: You can go there next week-end.
NEIL.: No. I have a committee meeting on Saturday.
NEIL.: It's my own parliamentary committee.
LADY C.: All the more reason that they should wait.
NEIL.: What I have to say to them won't wait.
NEIL.: I am going to tell them that I can no longer represent them in
Parliament. (He goes on eating matter-of-factly)
LADY C.: It can't be that. Are you serious?
LADY C.: You are going to give up your seat? But why?
NEIL.: Because I have no right to keep it. I was sent to Parliament to
like a dummy in a suit that doesn't belong to me, having supper with a
LADY C.: Does that prevent you from going to the House tomorrow and
LADY C.: My dear Neil, don't be absurd.
people who could ill afford it. They have a very clear idea of the kind
of man they want to represent them. They thought I was that man. So did
LADY C.: But, for Heaven's sake, why—
NEIL.: The kind of man they want wouldn't be found dead in this house.
LADY C.: Then I should have thought that the obvious course was to give
up this house, not your constituency.
NEIL.: Giving it up wouldn't alter the fact that I liked coming to it.
look down my nose. And when I went about with you, and made you take
buses instead of your car, I thought I was educating you; and all the
most beautiful woman in London. Do you think a man like that is the
LADY C.: But you also represent, I take it, the ...
lump of a fellow that got his hair cut. And on Saturday I tell my
committee that, and they can look for a better man.
did you reach this curious decision?
NEIL.: (without thinking) Tonight. (As soon as it is said he looks as
if he would like to take it back, but he is too late)
LADY C.: And what are you going to do if you give up your political
NEIL.: I'll begin again, some other way. Find work in a factory,
is absurd to the point of fantasy.
NEIL.: (dryly) I didn't suppose you would understand it.
LADY C.: You actually propose to give up your seat in Parliament
because someone induced you to wear a white tie?
NEIL.: No. Because I'm a poor thing, but taking money under false
pretences isn't one of my failings. Do you realise that my committee
is merely being perverse. Now, when you have caught the public eye—
NEIL.: It's not so long since you gibed at me for not working with my
LADY C.: You wouldn't mind being a secretary for a little?
NEIL.: If I want to stay in London as a working-man's representative, do
you think I would stay as a hired lackey?
LADY C.: You're terribly fond of the word lackey. It's a sort of
NEIL.: I didn't expect you to understand what conscience can do to a
man, but I did think that you would—
LADY C.: My dear, I am merely trying to bring a little realism into
feathers for our nest, and all the other rewards for keeping a sensible
your realism, and I'll keep my conscience. And now, having been educated
NEIL.: There is nothing to discuss. I made a mistake, and I am going to
NEIL.: Anyhow, it has nothing to do with you.
LADY C.: But I feel that it has. If I had foreseen ... If I ...
NEIL.: You have nothing to reproach yourself with. You have been very
kind, and if I have been uncouth I hope you'll forgive me. That I'm a
failure is my own fault, and no one else's. (He is enjoying himself so
much now that he is almost in tears of admiration) Thank you very much
[That is the phrase they use in Kilcrannock. He shakes hands with a
NEIL.: And I want to tell you something. I didn't think you looked silly
in that thing. (He indicates the tiara) I thought you looked like a
of course. But you did look like a queen tonight.
turns slowly, she catches sight of her reflection in the mirror.]
LADY C.: (to her reflection, as a nurse says it to a child who has
broken something) Now look what you've done.
The Scene is the same. It is mid-morning in July.
newspaper. Several more are strewn on the floor by his chair.
She is dressed to go out, and is carrying her gloves and a feathery
thing that is destined to go round her neck. Half-way across the room
LORD C.: I am getting up my courage.
Liberals all cock-a-hoop is a thing to make a man blench.
LADY C.: (smiling: she is in a very good mood) You are a disgrace to
note) You ought to be standing on a chair and cheering. Nothing like
this has happened to the Liberals within the memory of man.
LORD C.: Oh, it's wonderful, of course. A landslide. A positive
landslide. But where does it leave me? At the head of those stairs. (At
knows the Tories had been too long in power, but who would have expected
anything like this? (He chews over the news while she ignores him) And
Larborough.... No, I'll never get away from those stairs now.
LADY C.: (writing) Do you think it would be tactless to ask the
mourning. Have you quarrelled with Poppy, by the way?
LADY C.: Have you ever tried to quarrel with Poppy?
LADY C.: The thing is an impossibility. It would be like hitting a
LORD C.: It must be nearly a month since I came across her in the
everyone has been in the country. (She means the provinces)
Does that mean an end of yellow suits?
LADY C.: I don't know. I haven't seen him since that reception a month
ago. I must say, it is a great relief to me that he has found a niche
for himself. (There is a faint shade of puzzlement, all the same, in
LORD C.: He owes you that, my dear.
LORD C.: No. Because you got him to the reception that night.
LADY C.: What has that to do with it?
entirely weaned from his paper, and now he catches sight of something
in the Club he said that anyone who could talk him into tears after
twenty years in the Commons was worth a thousand votes to any party. The
paper, is unaware of any oddness in the atmosphere. He goes on,
LORD C.: Well, it's nice for the young man to come in on a flood-tide.
more than another; which adds to its force) There is no one in all the
world as nice as you, Gussie, and I don't deserve to have you for a
LORD C.: (in his gentle voice) A very proper sentiment, my dear.
some pretence of writing, but her mind is not on the paper. Writing)
LORD C.: (reading) Yes, my dear?
LADY C.: (looking up) Did you have a hero, when you were little?
[He becomes aware that there must be an origin for this line of
thought, and turns his head to look at her, thoughtfully. She has
Richard was a most deplorable bounder. (He goes back to his paper, but
[The door opens and POPPY appears, half-in and half-out.]
that he still knows me, even if I am a defeated Tory. Was that what you
LORD C.: No, as a matter of fact, I was sympathising with you on the
LADY T.: (equably) Oh, well. If we have to be represented by a
Liberal, I don't know that Neil Tummel is worse than the next man.
have seen him in Kilcrannock, my dear. He was a credit to you. He has
for his politics he might have been a Liberal from the cradle.
LADY T.: It's fantastic. A month ago he wanted the earth; now he's
LADY T.: Don't you like him any more, Millicent? Oh, dear, I hope you
and you prefer them straight across.
like that at all. I was hoping you would bring him to tea.
LADY T.: I don't know what you are talking about. Now that he is a
perfectly respectable Liberal there is no reason why we should not be on
speaking terms. It looks well on a platform. And there are one or two
little things in the constituency that I want done. So I thought the
nicest way would be for you to bring him to tea one day. Tea is a nice
LADY T.: But I should have to ask him. That is quite impossible.
LADY T.: I don't know about much, darling, but you will certainly be
There was one of those dotted lines from his nose to this door.
LADY C.: But why to this door? I have not heard from him for weeks. Why
LADY T.: He is coming to be admired, of course. Don't you know the
LADY T.: He is bringing his sheaves, or his scalps, or whatever it is,
in fifteen minutes. I think it would be a graceful thing if you came
LORD C.: Oh, must I, my dear? I find her such a terrifying woman.
LADY T.: Such a pity to have a Prime Minister's wife who looks like a
LADY C.: You have only to say how pleased we all are. And then you can
go to your club. It will not look nearly so bad after Lady Archie.
LORD C.: There is that. (Beginning to make a move) I suppose it is
LORD C.: Oh, no, no. The building is quite charming. Seventeenth
century. But I look round at my fellow members and can't help thinking
you in the hall, Millicent? (Looking at his watch) At a quarter-past?
LADY T.: At the news that we were going to be represented by a Liberal,
Cosmo decided to go into a nursing-home. But when he found that everyone
LADY C.: Poppy, dear, you won't mind if I throw you out, will you? I
must finish these notes before I go, and we can't be late at Lady
LADY T.: (airily) You won't be late, my dear. You have plenty of
time. Give the woman a chance to get out of her curlers.
LADY T.: You go on with your notes, and I shall sit quietly here and
rest for a little. I shan't interrupt you, I promise. It is a charming
room to rest in. I have always wanted one like it.
want now, Poppy, let us have an understanding at once. You cannot have
LADY T.: (without heat) I don't think that sounds very nice. (She is
sitting where she can see from the window into the square) One would
LADY T.: I have my faults, but if there is one thing I am not a cadger.
be, could it, Poppy, that you didn't remember me until your eye lighted
LADY T.: No; for my Poor Children's Holiday Home.
LADY C.: And that when I refused to bring him to your house you settled
down here in the hope that he would come before you left?
corner of the square to the door below the window) That is very unkind
of you, Millie. Very unkind. If that is what you think I shall go at
LADY C.: Oh, sit down, Poppy, and don't be tiresome. We can go together
LADY T.: No, if I go now, I can at least prove that I am not using your
charming room as a place of assignation.
LADY T.: If I don't see you before then, we shall meet at the opening
of Parliament. (Kindly, as she is going) And you really ought to try
those little tablets that Cosmo has, my dear. I don't think your
digestion is as good as it ought to be.
her hand on the bell; she is about to say that she is not at home) No,
perhaps not. I shall be gone before he comes.
LADY T.: (as cheerfully as if they were meeting for the first time)
new Liberal, and our new Member of Parliament. He has brought his
NEIL.: (to LADY C.) I came to thank you for your good wishes. It was
kind of you to send the telegram.
LADY T.: I was hoping that you would help me with one or two little
Tillicoultry, I'll help you with pleasure.
LADY T.: It's mostly about my Poor Children's Holiday Home. I take it
NEIL.: I don't know. I would have to see the books.
NEIL.: No doubt, but that's no evidence of honesty.
Oh, well, you must come and see for yourself, and make sure that I am
not baby-farming, or whatever it is you suspect me of, and then we can
hot-water pipes in. I won't keep you now, because I know you want to
LADY T.: I think he is going to be a great asset to Kilcrannock.
LADY T.: Cabinet? But he isn't in the Cabinet.
ashamed to bother such a brilliant young man with my hot-water pipes.
NEIL.: (after a pause) Have you faith in me?
LADY C.: If you mean, do I believe that you can reach Cabinet rank;
yes. If you mean, could I trust you not to give me a bad half-crown—no.
NEIL.: I seem to have become a petty crook with remarkable rapidity.
NEIL.: (thinking he sees the light) So that's what you're angry
hand you gave me was like a haddock. (Puzzled) I thought you would be
pleased about it. All the way down in the train I kept thinking how
pleased you would be. (He sounds like a child deprived of a promised
LADY C.: You must forgive me if I am slow in getting used to the idea.
When you left this room it was to become a stone-breaker or something of
NEIL.: (indulgently) Oh, well, that was a figure of speech.
LADY C.: (with an air of innocent inquiry) A—fib, you mean?
NEIL.: Oh, no. That was logic. Pure logic.
NEIL.: It seemed to me that if I was resigning because I was too fond of
Liberal ways, the obvious solution was to become a Liberal. Don't you
not necessarily mean a spit in the eye.
NEIL.: But it does in mine, you mean.
NEIL.: No! Do you suggest that I am?
considered opinion that you are the most colossal hypocrite that it has
interrupt) When you burst into this room three months ago you were a
Moses. Do you remember? You were going to lead your people out of
inherent wisdom and virtue pertains to a man who earns less than two
exploiters, and oppressors. I take it that we are still tyrants, and
NEIL.: (interrupting) I can do far more for my people as a member of a
party than I ever could as a lone voice in the wilderness.
hair cut and had betrayed his people and was going to hide his shame in
NEIL.: (rubbing his hand over the back of his head with a rueful
gesture) Oh, well. There's no denying my tongue runs away with me
LADY C.: (interested) Is that what you call it—a slip of the
up my dream of being a Moses, and maybe I dramatised myself a little.
LADY C.: And all the time you had your first Liberal pay in your
didn't think Archie'd mention it. He had no right to tell me things like
that, you know. He wouldn't have, if it hadn't been for the bottle.
NEIL.: (eyeing her) You're a very nasty woman when you like.
LADY C.: You sat there and ate my food and drank my wine and told a
LADY C.: Silly lies for no other reason than to make yourself
NEIL.: Well, that's no bad reason.
NEIL.: I'm five feet ten, I'd have you know.
LADY C.: So you are, and make yourself look big and fine and courageous
NEIL.: Well, it serves you right for trifling with my affections.
NEIL.: Do you deny that you trifled with my affections?
way you would a new kind of dog, or a clever nigger—
NEIL.: Oh, yes, you did. You flattered me by deferring to me, by letting
a woman like you knows how to flatter. You didn't even have to say
anything; you had only to look as if you were listening; or to smile
your own special kind of smile; or to put your finger-tips on my arm to
woman like you? It's your own fault if you get lies told you. When I am
that one day the King will send for me?
LADY C.: No. You will send for the King.
to a full stop—testily) Now you've made me forget what I was going to
LADY C.: (smoothly) You were going to say that by the time you reach
that eminence you will stop telling lies because you will not have to
cure for anything. On the contrary. I have never known a Prime Minister
who was not an exaggerated version of what he was as a Sixth Form boy.
on) Which reminds me that I am due there now.
I am—I must confess to you—a born buyer of gold bricks. You are my
NEIL.: You mean that you are putting me into the wastepaper basket just
because I don't fit some sentimental picture you had of me?
interrupt) And I consider it immoral for one person to engage the
LADY C.: Did you expect me to weep over that touching picture of a
NEIL.: Don't you dare call me that. Just because I got a bit carried
away one night. Do you think I'm not sincere about my mission? About the
LADY C.: If you remember, I began this conversation by saying so.
NEIL.: You believe that I don't care a hoot what happens to the
working-classes as long as I'm all right?
LADY C.: I wouldn't go as far as that.
NEIL.: (hastily) Well, that's something.
NEIL.: But that's an outrageous thing to say. It makes me a—a monster
NEIL.: Why are you being so cruel this morning? (It is an expression of
off as if I was a golochan you found in your dress.
NEIL.: You can't be as angry as that merely because I turned my coat.
LADY C.: Of course not. You could have turned your coat a dozen times
with my blessing, provided you had been honest about it. Political
crocodile tears on my drawing-room carpet.
NEIL.: I tell you, my tongue ran away with me. I was excited that night,
wine for the first time, and you looking like all the pictures in the
world—do you realise that was the first time I had seen you in
had to make something to match it. But to damn me as a hypocrite, body
and soul, just because on one occasion I let my imagination get the
be) Look, before I went north, that night at supper, you asked me to
Charing for the week-end. Let me come one week-end and—I can't talk to
you now, you aren't even paying attention to me; you're just as
uppermost)—let me come one week-end when there will be time to
autumn, I am going yachting. I am always very sick, but a good retch now
and then is excellent for the complexion.
NEIL.: You couldn't be all that angry if—if what I did didn't matter to
LADY C.: (explaining her anger) I don't like being fooled, any more
earwig', you wouldn't be so angry.
it? If someone is angry with you, that is the measure of your
importance. If she takes a holiday, she is running away from you. Let me
don't indulge in; and I am going yachting because for the last three
months, like everyone else, I have consistently over-eaten. The Romans
NEIL.: That is just a lot of words. You can say what you like, but you
NEIL.: Well, call it what you like, but what I did was important to you.
If it hadn't been, you'd have been all social-insincerity this morning,
and not cared two shakes of a lamb's tail whether I had pretended to be
better than I was or not. You'd have been full of polite gush like that
LADY C.: But for her, we should never have met.
LADY C.: She didn't like your ties.
NEIL.: What has that to do with it?
taking this in) You must admit that I have been very successful. Your
NEIL.: (slowly) So that is why you invited me.
attention to change a bit of silk round my neck?
LADY C.: I found you most attractive. I thought it was your principles.
But I think Poppy was right; she said it was your profile.
NEIL.: Between the two of you, I seem to have been well chewed over.
LADY C.: Between you and Poppy I have been put to a great deal of
inconvenience. However, since you are both the better for it, I cannot
NEIL.: You can't make yourself the most important thing in my life and
then walk out of it as if you were stepping into your carriage. (There
is more threat than appeal in that) What do you think I am made of?
What do you think I am? A doll to be dressed and undressed? A dummy to
be pushed about on a board for your pleasure?
snobbish little climber, who didn't even notice that I was a woman as
well as a Viscountess, until it was brought to your notice that my hair
let down. If I have been important to you, believe me I am not
NEIL.: You know very well what I mean, and it has nothing to do with
climbing or snobbery. It has to do with you and me.
LADY C.: The only thing that you and I have in common, Mr Tummel, is
NEIL.: (who has come close enough to her to look into her eyes,
speculatively) I wish I could see what you are thinking. All these
words, and what do they mean? What did you want of me that you're so
means you're a cold woman. Then what did you want of me?
profile. But I was wrong. You are, after all, a little man. You have a
blind eye, but no telescope to put to it.
LADY C.: That is something you are not likely to die of.
NEIL.: Not me. I'm Neil Tummel. I may be just a parlour game to you, but
I'm going to be history to a lot of others. I'm on my way up; and you're
going to watch me go. And if this is good-bye, let me give you something
to remember me by. (He takes her to him with one arm, tilts her chin
her) I've wanted to do that for a long time.
for a long time to do something for you. Something that your mother
wrap)—the House of Commons will do that. So will your wife.
LADY C.: You will marry for prestige, of course; and to your last day
you will never know what your wife is really thinking. As for your
emphasis on the word 'children', since he is unconsciously admitting the
You will be for ever explaining away your son's antics. By the time you
are forty you will have the whole world for audience, and no one to talk
to; and I am very sorry for you. (She does not sound particularly
LADY C.: A man who sold his birthright for a mess of pottage.
pottage may prove worth it, let me tell you here and now that it will be
dust and ashes in your mouth, for one reason.
live, there will be a label round your neck that you can never get rid
be dust and ashes in your mouth.
not in triumph but in a kind of wonder—slowly) You were in love with
don't think I shall wait for you. It is really time that I looked in at
with you. My dear Mr Tummel, allow me to congratulate you, and to
welcome you to the Liberal Party.
LORD C.: It's a curious world, isn't it? A month ago we Liberals had
nothing to offer a bright young man, and now it seems the Party is a
LORD C.: Very well, my dear. Can we drop you somewhere, Mr Tummel?
Ten. He is on his way there in any case.

After the announcement of a further share sell-off, we examine the total spent and recovered bailing the bank out.
The Government committed to purchasing a 43.4% stake in the Lloyds Banking Group six years ago. In 2009 as part of a broader restructuring that saw the group's operations split up, the then Labour Party leadership paid around 74 pence per share to 'buy in' its shareholding. The total amount spent was just shy of £21 billion.
All shares remaining are to be sold at a minimum of the 74 pence they were purchased for in 2009. In April 2015 the market value was 79 pence, today it is 77 pence.
Today's announcement states that so far £15.5 billion has been recovered of the initial £ 21 billion spent. The Government still owns 11 percent of Lloyds worth around £6 billion at current prices. From this amount at least £2 billion will be available to the public at a discount of 5% (worth nearly 4 pence per share). In addition, those who hold on to their shares for at least one year will receive a bonus share for every ten purchased.
More information is available at gov.uk/lloydsshares as well as the opportunity to register interest as a prospective purchaser.

The final decision with regard to
the nortli has not yet been reached.
This was the announcement of J.
* Towards   the    close   of   the *
now on the field in the north before reaching a conclusion.
Is carrying out Its work in a thoroughly systematic way. A splendid
visitors, has been built from the water to the mine and all the work
is being carried out in the best of
this week that the company was proceeding with the necessary work In
connection with developing the mine.
buildings that would be necessary.
A force of about 150 men is now at
however, he said, as the work of
would it be until the decision was
who is interested in the Lakelse Valley, has been in the city after a
trip up the river. He has left for
He had gone out fishing, and was
fell In and was caught by the swift
for a few days this week. His company is the first to invade the new
by all to be the most complete that
could be obtained. The work is being done In a systematic way and
company is pushing the work forward as fast as possible.
results had been very close to what
the character of rock cut through.
This has been followed by a black
It may be necessary to go deeper than
that. The plant installed is equipped to bore to a depth of 5,000 feet
so that there will be no trouble if
started, is on the ground. He has
is he  of  the  oil  being there.
those who visited the place, has exactly the same formation as the holdings now being worked. The company has organized with a provisional
work at once and In all probability
without the necessity of a second
bore, there Is sure to be a rush to
where It has been forced through the
The articles of agreement for the
duly signed by the former, and seem
to meet the demands of the Toronto
once with the consideration of applications to be heard by them. D'Arcy
come up for consideration by the
at the forthcoming election on September 21 at a convention held in
all the forces that can be brought
light and power has been cut off as
The prices of provisions are rising rapidly.
end of the country to the other, men
to do so, and even the women and
responding to the call for a general
strike. The government is deploying troops all over the country to
"I have no intention of recognizing
been called In this section for the
constituencies, and In two of them
nominations have already been made.
In due course, no doubt, such a
it is held, 1 shall be glad to submit
to pay any attention to a special arrangement made to secure endorsement for the candiature of a certain
man, even though it may be called
specially adapted to the occasion.
Oil Company in the early days, and
well known to all who lived here at
that time. He is a politician of experience, having taken an active part
was defeated by the very narrow
and has an easy manner on the platform. He will enter into the campaign with vigor and will receive a
laymen who were on their way to
work comes up for consideration.
At the head of the party was Rev.
be greater than ever this year.
yesterday afternoon in the city hall
to be opened in the old school on
The school has been raised to the
Wednesday. She Is feeling much better for her holiday.
discuss the question with the board.
with the importance of this city. He
for it and he is deeply in sympathy
a week, left this morning for the
judgment In the case of Attorney
amount of work done than was necessary, while the plaintiffs contention was that regulations had not
Recent events may not have been
which were to be made regarding
now, as far as investigation Is concerned, conveniently side-tracked.
be dealt with. For this reason alone,
the fight, now it is forced upon them.
But above and beyond the general
on the adoption of the agreement.
at the polls.—St. John Standard.
who promised to bring the subject
who joined In the declaration, or
the completion of the Imperial band,
do we may learn something by reflecting what it has done already in
Now that the election Is on the
the public will be able to size up
has been submitted to them, namely
the Globe by the publication of tables yesterday say the American duties will be taken off our farm products going into the United States.
Neither one of them, however, deals
words, they show only one side of
market, and which they propose to
make most uncertain, and, a., a matter of fact, to surrender.
must be looked at from two sides,
namely, the wider market, which is
wishes to know is how his own home
is to become of him if the market
especially if the American has superior advantages in the way of climate and other things.    ,
have made the issue one of markets,
"There are perhaps 1,000 people
in the market. Because 1,000 people cannot grow enough fruit to supply 200,000 people, 190,000 people
must pay 15 per cent more for fruit
but Mr. Borden says it must continue.   Figure it out for yourself."
that not less than 125,000 acres, and
probably 150,000 acres of land, in
this province is planted with fruit?
last year that 90 per cent were engaged In fruit culture. Yet Summer-
Probably less than one-third of the
bearing. Yet the value of fruit produced last year Is placed at $2,000,-
per person. While it is true that this
population, it is not true that it never
safe to say that not 10 per cent of
more than the present population of
But it is easy to see what will
of the older and more extensive fruit
in this province. If conditions are
time. It will be a great misfortune
allowed to "end this state of affairs."
western trip upon the reciprocity situation in that part of the country,
it should now be set at rest for all
like putting his head in the lion's
official statement is that It contains
such a difference of opinion in the
that it was not deemed advisable to
make special reference to it in the
the effect of this will be all to the
For the first time In twenty-two
and my daughter in England, and
haven't had a chance to worry for
about twenty-two years—been too
He explained that he had been at
build an aeroplane." he said. In answer to the question. "Thirty years
ago we had the principleof the flying machine, but no adequate power;
so I tried to improve on the internal
(c) The point of diversion—At er
the-j place where the water is to be
wide, and have a width of thirty-
three feet on each side of the mean
mentioned land in the name of William Jordan Larkwortby, which Certificate Is dated the 30th day of September, 1910, and numbered 326R.
25th   November,    1909,   and   numbered 44 I.
37057, which expired on the 6th day
(a) The name, address and  occupation of the applicant—Orland P. ,
the tenth day of June, 1911, and application will be made to the Commissioner on the fourth day of September, 1911.
more or less to low water mark;
In an effort to prevent the distribution of the forests of the province,
force a set of rules governing railways which it is expected will have
the effect of precluding the chance
were prepared by Hon. Thomas Taylor, minister of railways in the province. They are as follows:
"1. During construction, the right
of all trees, logs, brush and other
"2. Trees and brush must not be
right of way as provided above.
the right of way must be cut up, removed to right of way, and there
"4. The right of way of every railway company must at all times be
places, when so directed by the minister, railway companies will be required to cut and clear fireguards
proximity to the right of way, railway companies and their contractors,
upon request of the minister of railways, shall place the laborers in their
duly authorized by the minister.
or otherwise, in accordance with the
notice must be given to the minister
wire gauge, and to be placed In the
to completely cover the same, the
"8. The openings at the back of
shall be kept in a special book at
an agreement between the city and
the secretary of the company and
the much desired entry of that road.
from all claims for damages by the
being recognized in the case of property leased by the railway to others;
years, when required, to be granted
one mile east of the northeast corner
one mile east of the south corner of
sleeps  all   day,   but   at  night   be  is
Sent her flying down the street.
1878 to the north; and containing
on and under 64 0 acres of land on
and under 640 acres of land on Graham island described as follows: —
on and under 640 acres of land on'
from the southwest corner of Lot
5 miles west and 2 1-2 miles north
occupation engineer, intends to apply for permission to purchase the
40 chains, more or less, to the point
the southwest corner of Lot 991;
on and under 040 acres of land on,
Creek, separated from the mainland
one mile east of the southeast corner
farmer, intend to apply for permission to purchase the    following de-
containing  120  acres,  more or Ices.
one-quarter mile south of the entrance to Kitkatla summer village;
Canada, $2,00 a year; to points out
man of experience in politics and in
no one else would be acceptable. Mr,
here. He knows the needs of the
expected to be the next member for
tomorrow will be followed, it is expected, by the final passing of the
after which nothing stands in the
reached is, according to some of the
fall in the city. It will, they say,
have the effect of steadying the feeling on the outside with respect to
who are awaiting the final settlement to come in with capital.
So far In the history of the city
the two parties are tied up In a very
It is said that the chief stumbling
was that with regard to the parcels
not been a great deal of stress laid
on this aspect of the settlement by
the council, probably owing to the
land taken over, however, by the
to estimate. It will run into several hundreds of thousands of dollars according to some of those who
be taken, when, it Is safe to say,
there will be no uncertainty as to
the acquiescence of the property owners to the arrangement entered Into.
will be called upon to direct and
a man of less vigor and resource.
practically the whole of the north
means that Bishop Perrin will administer a diocese which has a population of over 850,000 souls, and a
very large proportion of whom belongs to the industrial classes of the
itself is the home of nearly a quarter of a million artisans, who will
first bishop of the new diocese. The
bishopric, on the other hand, includes
few days ago with a cargo of steel
Prairie, where it will be delivered to
the big order is to be sent to Trans-
Do you intend to be a candidate
Association of the country intimating that I have no Intention of offering myself there for re-election.
doing so.    I prefer not to be a candidate.
Will you take any part in the election?—I shall be willing to do anything in my power to assist in the
views which I have expressed in the
What are the principal grounds of
your opposition to the treaty?—
to the particular condition of the
whole, It appears to me that the disadvantages largely outweigh the advantages. To be more specific, take
market for a few more or less unimportant products, which are not now
for the great bulk of the staple products of the farm, such as butter,
from the outside. In addition to this
it is certain that many important industries will be seriously affected.
—The contention that the western
the case for the treaty, does not
claim that the price will be higher.
puts the question as follows: "The
of wheat; she is a free trade country; she is the world's carrier. She
is settled by the world's supply and
world's supply would affect the demand and the price in precisely the
fixes the price of wheat in the world's
centre of trade; and that in turn
Can you put the case a little more
there Is a shortage in the United
shortage in the United States Increases the demand upon the world's
makes makes not the slightest difference where the wheat Is bought.
Every primary market in the world
gets the benefit of the increased demand and the enhanced price caused
conditions of the United States does
to becoming a wheat Importing country than she was twenty years ago.
But the most serious feature of
takes effect, our policy will be controlled by what is done at Washington. Today we are the most independent country in the world. We
we put ourselves in a state of dependence upon American markets
man can deny that the policy followed by the United States in excluding us from her markets in the past
has been a prime factor in making
Canada a self-reliant and independent country. It was at first a hardship, and there was every excuse
for those who sought reciprocity.
Now that we have overcome the difficulty, and won our way through to
no excuse for throwing away the advantages of our position. The true
is the first step towards the exploitation and .the subordination of
election?—-No, but I hope and trust
that there are a great many thousands of Liberals In Canada who are
they have been working are In danger, and will, regardless of party
to the future what Is the name of
the party which Is In power for the
bosom It's a different proposition.
Nine times out of ten the manager
finds that he is "shine" and that
and an adequate knowledge of the
In paying $22,500 for the release
services have been secured for cash.
failed to deliver the goods in New
York the first two years, but this
nothing more than a gamble, particularly in the case of minor
.with the acquisition of O'Toole, and
friends will be surprised If he has
that only a small percentage of the
newcomers measure up to the necessary standard. It's a good thing for
the little clubs, however, for without this competition among the big
close down all operations at the end
carload lots, has been very satisfactory to the operators of the mine, as
at that reasonable charge for transportation the mine could be developed at a profit, even though the ore
has been hauled by wagons a distance of six miles from the mine to
and he has announced that he will
In the event of the mine closing
the Yukon, so far as the quartz industry is concerned, will have passed
this week from a business trip to
already in a modest way, and has
prepared to ground to some extent.
spoke favorably of the project.
into the feasibility of bringing reindeer into this territory for the natives. He is much interested in the
says that since a number of reindeer
herd has grown to more than 000,-
of the northern portion of Alaska,
and some are said to be close to
the Yukon, near Nulato. It is claimed that it would be far less expensive
and easier to bring a number of
in fact, the question of motive power need not be entered into only
as a matter of speed. The swift-
seven miles an hour, will prove
reason to believe, however, that the
new rate will be only a third of the
that one-fifth of the present rate will
be reduced to 2 cents, what a boon
it would be to the people of the
the 16th day of August, 1911, I was
me on or before the 4th day of Sep-
and that from the end of steel a good
George will also be looked Into.
17th day of June 1911, I was appointed administrator of the estate
verified to me on or before the 4th
are required to pay the amount of
In  the matter of  the "Official Administrator's Act"
28 th  day of July,  1911,  I  was appointed administrator of the estate
me on or before the 4th day of September, 1911; and all parties indebted to the said estate are required to
In   the  matter  of  the  "Official   Ad
16th day of June, 1911, I was appointed administrator of the estate
pay the amount of their Indebtedness to me forthwith.
On account of scarcity of water
until 12 o'clock noon, August 22nd,
will be forfeited if the party tendering declines to enter into a contract
when called upon to do so; or If he
If you have not visited our store it will PAY YOU TO DO SO NOW. Since lowering to street grade, we have
Have you stopped to consider the saving of $ $ $ on the House Furnishing you require ?
20 and 25 per cent. Discount for Cash
20 and 25% From Regular Values.
as an Opponent of the Pact Proposed
At the annual picnic given by the
".Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen—I feel it a very great pleasure and privilege, indeed, to see so
you have been kind enough to extend
to my colleagues and myself this
and there should be no difficulty In
from   the  great   city  of  London,
to Canada and how deeply they, too,
it is to be decided so shortly at the
"Never before in the history of the
in the eyes of Britons as it does now.
me that with the very large number
old Union Jack, that we are determined to preserve our Dominion
We bear so much of the spirit of
Stars and Stripes, but those who live
under that flag cannot begin to realize the full meaning or law, of liberty, of true equality In citizenship
until they have been privileged to
live under the Union Jack. No better example of this Is to be found
enabled to enjoy the same freedom,
have all been forced to admit that
other conditions in which we find
so much to criticize across the boundary line.' Our Liberal friends declare that the policy of the Conservative party today is one of jingoism
ones that can legitimately be drawn,
we have Incontrovertible proof of.
una hand, and on the other President Taft—that if ever there was a
1!)03, lay it down as an axiomatic
principle that the whole of this line
so as to have it remain independent
Of the United States? And did not
very strong argument against the action of the Liberal government which
trade with theirs that it will be Impossible for us to remain Independent of that country in trade matters.
relationship and it was essential to
connection? We have here, then, the
minister on the one hand and that
—if there were any Liberals left in
them to make such a move, after being for sixteen years misled by their
how they had been told in 1890 that
Conservative party. The line of demarcation between the parties had
"To come down to the plain facts,
to an extreme, had it not merged
this country, the people of British
credit, to admit that in what I have
that we shall have in this province
and a contented section of the British people. And now I should not
The amount of these drafts is stated in the money of the country where they are payable ; that is they are drawn in sterling, francs, marks, lire, kronen, florins, yen,
taels, roubles, etc., as the case may be. This ensures that the payee abroad will
Conservatism, and, as a part of Canada, more Imperial than ever. The
province will be held In a few days.
Ihe best men from, and in a few days
to bring back to our chieftain, Mr.
the people to come In with us—the
and girls—so that we may leave no
the continuity of the British connection. In Victoria we can look forward with confidence to piling up a
—the time of harvesting, and when
careful investigation of the reason.
Canada, who could not see the reason
the position taken by the Conservatives and those opposed to reciprocity. It was the Conservatives who
(Continued on Page Eight) Friday, August 18, 1911.
now very much in the public eye.
attention, at least on the Atlantic
seaboard of the United States, was
the Seabird, a tight little yawl measuring 25 feet 9 inches in length on
more than 18 inches and a draft to
craft, designed with ah eye to comfort, safety, service, ease of construction, and, last, but not least, low
to have been successful and popular.
of these designs as far back at 1901,
from the bilges, which are at the
boat of this form. There is a storage room for spare sails, etc., in the
Furthermore, In the bottom of the
motor, which will serve to drive the
fuel consists of 30 gallons of gasoline and 50 gallons of kerosene. The
day; but, of course, it is intended
is no wind, or the wind is very light,
and if progress is slow, when the
craft, particularly when they are exposed to heavy weather and sudden
and if the wind should rise to the
' in the fact that she Is now sailing
a pleasure trip, if you please, to
consists of Mr. Day and three others.
He believes that there is no greater
waters, such as Long Island Sound.
compass. It Is largely due to his
races now form a regular part of the
Boston to Rome on the Mediterranean, Is proof that he has the courage
of his convictions, even though his
run of 2,200 miles to the Azores,
length of 37 feet 9 inches, and measuring some nine tons.
May 3 of last year she set sail from
and she has just completed her trip
was reached on August 16, and the
this being, of course, the real start
of the deep-sea voyage. The run to
Auckland Is described by the captain as being the worst of the entire
to the strength of a gale and then
lie 2,750 miles east of New Zealand.
when a heavy sea fell upon the vessel, turned her bottom up and finally, as the masts went by the board,
New islands, where she was laid up
has arisen In that section of the
Kootenay in connection with the discovery of a large percentage of tuberculosis among the dairy herds.
that there could be not the least
arranged for by the provincial authorities.
agreement entered into between the
the sanction of the provincial government and Is thus complete, all
100 feet allowed by the railway company to be used as a city wharf. This
at the end of Eighteenth street.
As far as known, the government
by the city and the company, including the granting of parcels to the
for nine hundred and ninety-nine
people to make the bargain of reciprocity with the United States and
as then, and if anything, accentuated.
It is not a mere political question;
"There is no use in the Liberals
outlet for our trade. We have a market for all we produce, and without
without touching ours in any way.
Great Britain, and there we have to
well that It Is a great mistake to
Let us look at it as a business affair.
should have sent two up-to-date and
States had not got the best of the
States had come to the end of its
at a time when they felt that our
were now in a position where they
United States would have been glad
one day to find that the logs from
400 per cent, and the establishment
say that we would get cheaper tobacco and cheaper this and that, but
trusts, and, moreover, the wages of
level of those across the lines."
as a man now alive to the situation.
politics, have to say at this crisis'?*
duty to join in the protest that is
heard from every section of the country. Today we are in an enviable
times as great, per capita, as that
of the United States, and without a
has just been raised. Does not common sense tell us to let well enough
If It had not been very much to
the advantage of the United States,
all very well to say that we can
time, but knowing the United States
as I do, I fully agree with Sir Wm.
Van Home in his view of the situation; and generally he is a man who
"Let us not run away with the idea
that if we make a mistake in this
should be remembered that there are
nations as with individuals, and corporations, and that the vested interests of nations, real or alleged, are
which have for some years been resting their noses on the boundary line
channels of trade have been established, affecting our territory, and
of it. We are making a bed to lie
something that is being built up at
present. With the trade lines running north and south, it is bound
to say that after the first flush,
out of work, prices will be raised to
present. Most of these things in the
trusts, and we will see them taking
the whole scheme is an endeavor of
the United States to control Canada's natural resources.
the United States, President Taft, in
of any considerable amount will consist of wheat, barley, rye and oats.
place from which the supply is derived.
much towards building up this industry, and last year the value of
at a price that will seriously handicap British Columbia in spite of the
At the same time it is very questionable that such fruit as oranges,
er, as there is no competition to
be imported at the expense of our
agreement was in force and it was
to find new markets and trade would
the last ten years, stands second in
the list of countries in the increase
47.16 per cent and is the fourteenth
on the list. The United States has
avail herself of Canada's raw products to help her keep up in the race.
"Last year there were 100,000 cars
of grain, etc., sent out of the prairie
and the Great Northern 1.3 per cent.
take place and a very much larger
" 'If the Senate had voted against
the pact, it would have meant the
"At the .very best, the whole matter of the agreement is an experiment— a foolish interference with
Canada and use it for their own interests. The people of Canada realize this, and on September 21 they
Did you ever stop to think how much easier it would be for you,
if at the end of each month, you could pay all household bills
We allow 4 %  on Deposits and the use of checks.
remain at the same old stand cor. 6th St. and 2nd Ave.
COMFORTS, BLANKETS, SHEETS, PILLOWS, MATTRESSES, SPRINGS,

The ultimate in fitness is a personal trainer.
The ultimate in business is a personal coach!
Build strong foundations under YOUR castles with a private Coach! Patricia Clason was first to receive the "Registered Corporate Coach" designation from the National Association of Business Coaches. Patricia is also a professional speaker, author and trainer in human resource development with over twenty-five years of experience!
You deserve the best, give yourself a gift.
Life Coaching - for individuals looking to increase their satisfaction and enjoyment in their personal life or wanting to achieve a work/life balance
Patricia Clason founded the Business Coaching Certificate Program at the University of Wisconsin Milwaukee School of Continuing Education. She is currently offering The Coach Approach, an in-house program for your organization to train your managers and supervisors in coaching as a management style that is also available for open enrollment at our facility in Milwaukee. Customized coach training programs can be tailored to your organization's culture and needs.
As a coach, Patricia offers just the right blend of support, assertiveness and a wealth of good information on time management, organization, self-motivation and goal setting to help me stay on track. The coach concept is extremely effective and so is Patricia. I highly recommend her to anyone serious about being accountable for and actually achieving their goals and dreams.
"Thank you for all you did for me. I feel much more confident about marketing. It has become a way of life." Colleen Lantzy, Psychotherapist
A therapist working with mentally ill, who need healing.
A mentor, who has experience in your field and helps you along.
A buddy who tells you what you want to hear.
A consultant, do-er, solution provider.
A Yes Man who agrees with you always.
a guide working with mentally healthy people on their goals.
a resource and networker, connecting you to people and information.
an advocate for your potential, who encourages you to empower and affirm yourself.
a truth teller, with respectful confrontation telling you what you need to hear.
a thought-provoker, asking questions you have to answer, a catalyst for your self-insight.
the occasional "devil's advocate" who offers another perspective for your consideration.
a visionary who is not in your business, home, or occupation, yet can help you see your potential and dreams and hold you accountable to staying on track.
encourage you to find a therapist if you need to work on issues.
help you set your goals, define your values and choose action steps and timelines, then holds the possibilities for you so you can see them for yourself.
support your commitment to doing it for yourself.
help you recognize your desire to be unstuck and supports you in making it happen.
guide you to knowing your values and priorities so that you can choose balance in your life.
Arrange for an initial interview. Be prepared to tell the coach why you want a coach and your goals for the coaching process. Make a list of questions in advance and then ask them in the interview.
Do you have clients who are willing to give testimonials, recommendations of your work?
Does the coach specialize in a particular type of coaching, i.e. business, personal, career, relationships, financial?
You will be looking and listening for......
Does the coach hear you, listening carefully to what you say?
Your coach will guide you to writing your life purpose, business purpose, goals and expectations for the coaching process. It is very important that you are clear and specific on what you want from this process so you can measure it's effectiveness and value to you.
An outline of topics to be covered in each session is helpful so that you can be prepared before the session, in order to maximize the time you have with your coach.
For more information on coaching.....

Want to know when First Sticker Book Doll's House - shop4hongkong.com drops below a certain price? Enter your email address and price below and we'll let you know when it drops below that price!

My 7 years old boys is autistic and we live in 3 bed rooms house in the best neighborhood in San Diego ... more
take full responsibility of managing my kids time, extra activities, play dates, pick up and drop off to school, keep routine in place accompanying them, follow up school work ... more
You will be working for one of the top 5 families in Dubai and managing the running of the day-to-day household staff, travelling with the lady of the house, arranging travel and visa processing with the PRO and other tasks as requested... more
Skills Required: Perform a variety of cleaning activities such as washing, ironing, sweeping, mopping, dusting and polishing. Adhere strictly to rules regarding health and safety. Ability to work with little supervision and maintain ...
Hi I have a project in Dubai and i need to stay for couple of months, Im 38 yrs engineer and i need a personal assistance and house care female who can cook light meals and do the laundry and keep the apartment clean and fresh and or... more
Housekeeper will be required to perform cleaning duties on daily basis of the apartment or house, including laundry and ironing. In addition, she will be required to assist in taking care of the kids when they are not at school or nurse... more
Im an expat, if you can do the kitchen the floor and change the bed sheets and wash them and the clothes and take care of the garden around the penthouse that would be perfect I think i have all the cleaning tools ans a washing machin... more
We are a young local high profile family from Dubai with two young kids (8 years and 10 years). Our kids & us have a very active life! We are constantly on the go! I need a team to add value to our lives, especially the kids and make... more
Hello, We are small family husband and wife with little girl and expected to have new baby girl soon. We need housekeeper with experience. she is willing to learn cocking some of our dishes. No much work. We will provide accommodation, ... more
I am attending Plovdiv medical school and needs someone to stay with my kids at my apartment until I finish my classes and come back home, appreciate quick response ... more
I will be traveling for 5 days staring on November 6th until Sunday November 11th. I need someone to watch over my cat. They need to feed her twice a day and clean her litter box twice a day. Overnight stay is not needed. Simply drop in... more
I need for a personal assistant for our fashion manager at one of the biggest companies in Kuwait. If interested please ... more
We are looking for Private Nurses(Basic Nursing Qualification required) for Elders, Parents, b Opening is in one of the royal family in Dammam. Taking care of old Parents(AGE 70 to 80) ,having knowledge of giving medicines. Traveling ...
It’s a long list To write it all down , but I will fill you up via face time interview or call . Mostly it’s two jobs Personal assistance to the employer and her children and light house keeping and it involve a lot off traveling .... more
I let you know that I need a nurse for a month, from November 1 to December,I have a training in Denmark with my husband... more
We are a Family of theree. We are seeking a fluent English speaking Nanny who loves children and will take a good care of our Baby Angel.... more
I am looking for a helper who can start IMMEDIATELY for the next 2 weeks. We are a small family of 4 who will have guests staying with us for almost 2 weeks and the extra cleaning help will be needed for the time they are here. Live in ... more
We are living in Langata, Karen, Nairobi. Would provide your own room and bathroom. We are a very caring family, and looking for a very caring person to join our family. ... more
I need a nanny, speaks a fluent English, can play all the time with the baby.... more
Hello, We are looking for a housemaid/nanny for our home. We have two children, aged 2 and 4. The children go to school from 8am to 3.30pk. We live in a small house as follows: First floor: 1 Living Room for Guests which is ... more
I have Autism kid, i need some one help in house work when the kids at school... more
to know how to cook and very good in cleaning and laundry and organization... more
Hello I hope to find a housekeeper who can concentrate on getting the job done as quickly and as BEST as possible. A housemaid with cooking experience who will be primarily in charge of cooking beautiful but simple meals. I hope to find... more
So far we have 2 nurses and looking for an additional one + 1 care giver to work on 12 hours shift duties, one day off day when the team is complete. If not then we offer overtime for the extra days. We look forward to have you as a ... more
We 4 persons my wife, son, my mother in law's and me ... more
I need an experienced housekeeper who know how to work with cleaning machines all kinds. Im about to start my cleaning company. for a start there will be a salary for first 6 months. if we pull it off and secceed. I will make salary by ... more
We are a Kuwaiti couple with a baby on the way ,we would like in our housekeeper to assist us and be true to her words and work. We would love to have a respectful employer-employee relationship. We can have an arrangement that suit a... more
We are a small family but full of love, peace and humor... So basically we're not looking for a nanny or housemaid we're looking for a new member to join our family. We will be happy if we find someone respectful, smart and most importa... more
Hello .. i want someone who like and love baby.. my baby is very friendly and he is love playing ... more
Care for children in the absence of parents only... more
I require an assistant who speaks fluent English and Armenian. The job is to basically assign you with tasks to search for suppliers and contractors who can do specific tasks, negotiate with them, and report back to me the findings. In ... more
We are newly wedded family with a baby on the way as of Aug 2018 my wife is 8 weeks preg. We would like someone who is willing to help asst and be part of our family. Someone who would stay for years to come.... more
Im looking for a nanny for my two month baby girl..... more

1.1. The Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) and the Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) are serious public health problems which, have socio economic, employment and human rights implications.
1.2. It is recognised that the HIV/AIDS epidemic will affect every workplace, with prolonged staff illness, absenteeism, and death impacting on productivity, employee benefits, occupational health and safety, production costs and workplace morale.
1.3. HIV knows no social, gender, age or racial boundaries, but it is accepted that socio-economic circumstances do influence disease patterns. HIV thrives in an environment of poverty, rapid urbanisation, violence and destabilisation. Transmission is exacerbated by disparities in resources and patterns of migration from rural to urban areas. Women, particularly are more vulnerable to infection in cultures and economic circumstances where they have little control over their lives.
1.4. Furthermore HIV/AIDS is still a disease surrounded by ignorance, prejudice, discrimination and stigma. In the workplace unfair discrimination against people living with HIV and AIDS has been perpetuated through practices such as pre-employment HIV testing, dismissals for being HIV positive and the denial of employee benefits.
1.6. Furthermore the Code seeks to assist with the attainment of the broader goals of:
eliminating unfair discrimination in the workplace based on HIV status;
promoting a non-discriminatory workplace in which people living with HIV or AIDS are able to be open about their HIV status without fear of stigma or rejection;
promoting appropriate and effective ways of managing HIV in the workplace;
creating a balance between the rights and responsibilities of all parties; and
giving effect to the regional obligations of the Republic as a member of the Southern African Development Community.
2.1. The Code's primary objective is to set out guidelines for employers and trade unions to implement so as to ensure individuals with HIV infection are not unfairly discriminated against in the workplace. This includes provisions regarding:
creating a non-discriminatory work environment;
2.2. The Code's secondary objective is to provide guidelines for employers, employees and trade unions on how to manage HIV/AIDS within the workplace. Since the HIV/AIDS epidemic impacts upon the workplace and individuals at a number of different levels, it requires a holistic response which takes all of these factors into account. The Code therefore includes principles, which are dealt with in more detail under the statutes listed in item 5.1., on the following:
creating a safe working environment for all employers and employees;
introducing measures to prevent the spread of HIV;
developing strategies to assess and reduce the impact of the epidemic upon the workplace; and
supporting those individuals who are infected or affected by HIV/AIDS so that they may continue to work productively for as long as possible.
In addition, the Code promotes the establishment of mechanisms to foster co-operation at the following levels :
between employers, employees and trade unions in the workplace;and
between the workplace and other stakeholders at a sectoral, local, provincial and national level.
3.1. The promotion of equality and non-discrimination between individuals with HIV infection and those without, and between HIV/AIDS and other comparable health/medical conditions.
3.2. The creation of a supportive environment so that HIV infected employees are able to continue working under normal conditions in their current employment for as long as they are medically fit to do so.
3.4. HIV/AIDS impacts disproportionately on women and this should be taken into account in the development of workplace policies and programmes.
3.5 Consultation, inclusivity and encouraging full participation of all stakeholders are key principles which should underpin every HIV/AIDS policy and programme.
4.1. All employers and employees, and their respective organisations are encouraged to use this Code to develop, implement and refine their HIV/AIDS policies and programmes to suit the needs of their workplaces.
4.2. For the purposes of this code, the term "workplace" should be interpreted more broadly than the definition given in the Labour Relations Act, Act 66 of 1995, Section 213, to include the working environment of, amongst others, persons not necessarily in an employer-employee relationship, those working in the informal sector and the self-employed.
4.4. The Code should be read in conjunction with other codes of good practice that may be issued by the Minister of Labour.
5.1. The Code should be read in conjunction with the Constitution of South Africa Act, No. 108 of 1996, and all relevant Legislation which includes the following:
Occupational Health and Safety Act, No. 85 of 1993;
Mine Health and Safety Act, No. 29 of 1996;
Compensation for Occupational Injuries and Diseases Act, No. 130 of 1993;
Basic Conditions of Employment Act, No. 75 of 1997; and
5.2. The contents of this code should be taken into account when developing, implementing or reviewing any workplace policies or programmes in terms of the statutes listed above.
5.3. The following are selected, relevant sections contained in certain of the above-mentioned legislation. These should be read in conjunction with other legislative provisions.
5.3.4. In accordance with Section 187(1)(f) of the Labour Relations Act, No. 66 of 1995, an employee with HIV/AIDS may not be dismissed simply because he or she is HIV positive or has AIDS. However where there are valid reasons related to their capacity to continue working and fair procedures have been followed, their services may be terminated in accordance with Section 188(1)(a)(i).
5.3.5. In terms of Section 8(1) of the Occupational Health and Safety Act, No. 85 of 1993; an employer is obliged to provide, as far as is reasonably practicable, a safe workplace. This may include ensuring that the risk of occupational exposure to HIV is minimised.
5.3.6. Section 2(1) and Section 5(1) of the Mine Health and Safety Act, No. 29 of 1996 provides that an employer is required to create, as far as is reasonably practicable, a safe workplace. This may include ensuring that the risk of occupational exposure to HIV is minimised.
5.3.7. An employee who is infected with HIV as a result of an occupational exposure to infected blood or bodily fluids, may apply for benefits in terms of Section 22(1) of the Compensation for Occupational Injuries and Diseases Act, No. 130 of 1993.
5.3.8. In accordance with the Basic Conditions of Employment Act, No. 75 of 1997, every employer is obliged to ensure that all employees receive certain basic standards of employment, including a minimum number of days sick leave [Section 22(2)].
5.3.9. In accordance with Section 24(2)(e) of the Medical Schemes Act, No 131 of 1998, a registered medical aid scheme may not unfairly discriminate directly or indirectly against its members on the basis of their "state of health". Further in terms of s 67(1)(9) regulations may be drafted stipulating that all schemes must offer a minimum level of benefits to their members.
6.1. No person with HIV or AIDS shall be unfairly discriminated against within the employment relationship or within any employment policies or practices, including with regard to:
recruitment procedures, advertising and selection criteria;
appointments, and the appointment process, including job placement;
remuneration, employment benefits and terms and conditions of employment;
6.2. To promote a non-discriminatory work environment based on the principle of equality, employers and trade unions should adopt appropriate measures to ensure that employees with HIV and AIDS are not unfairly discriminated against and are protected from victimisation through positive measures such as:
preventing unfair discrimination and stigmatisation of people living with HIV or AIDS through the development of HIV/AIDS policies and programmes for the workplace;
awareness, education and training on the rights of all persons with regard to HIV and AIDS;
mechanisms to promote acceptance and openness around HIV/AIDS in the workplace;
providing support for all employees infected or affected by HIV and AIDS; and
grievance procedures and disciplinary measures to deal with HIV-related complaints in the workplace.
7.1.2. Whether s 7(2) of the Employment Equity Act prevents an employer-provided health service supplying a test to an employee who requests a test, depends on whether the Labour Courts would accept that an employee can knowingly agree to waive the protection in the section. This issue has not yet been decided by the courts.
7.1.3. In implementing the sections below, it is recommended that parties take note of the position set out in item 7.1.2.
7.1.4. Authorised testing Employers must approach the Labour Court for authorisation in, amongst others, the following circumstances:
during an application for employment;
during procedures related to termination of employment;
as an eligibility requirement for training or staff development programmes; and
An employer may provide testing to an employee who has requested a test in the following circumstances:
As part of a health care service provided in the workplace;
In the event of an occupational accident carrying a risk of exposure to blood or other body fluids;
For the purposes of applying for compensation following an occupational accident involving a risk of exposure to blood or other body fluids.
Furthermore, such testing may only take place within the following defined conditions:
At the initiative of an employee;
With informed consent and pre- and post-test counselling, as defined by the Department of Health's National Policy on Testing for HIV; and
With strict procedures relating to confidentiality of an employee's HIV status as described in clause 7.2 of this Code.
7.1.8. Anonymous, unlinked surveillance or epidemiological HIV testing in the workplace may occur provided it is undertaken in accordance with ethical and legal principles regarding such research. Where such research is done, the information obtained may not be used to unfairly discriminate against individuals or groups of persons. Testing will not be considered anonymous if there is a reasonable possibility that a person's HIV status can be deduced from the results.
7.2.1. All persons with HIV or AIDS have the legal right to privacy. An employee is therefore not legally required to disclose his or her HIV status to their employer or to other employees.
7.2.3. Mechanisms should be created to encourage openness, acceptance and support for those employers and employees who voluntarily disclose their HIV status within the workplace, including:
encouraging persons openly living with HIV or AIDS to conduct or participate in education, prevention and awareness programmes;
encouraging the development of support groups for employees living with HIV or AIDS; and
ensuring that persons who are open about their HIV or AIDS status are not unfairly discriminated against or stigmatised.
8.1. An employer is obliged to provide and maintain, as far as is reasonably practicable, a workplace that is safe and without risk to the health of its employees.
8.2.1. the risk, if any, of occupational transmission within the particular workplace;
8.2.2. appropriate training, awareness, education on the use of universal infection control measures so as to identify, deal with and reduce the risk of HIV transmission in the workplace;
8.2.3. providing appropriate equipment and materials to protect employees from the risk of exposure to HIV;
8.2.4. the steps that must be taken following an occupational accident including the appropriate management of occupational exposure to HIV and other blood borne pathogens, including access to post-exposure prophylaxis;
8.2.5. the procedures to be followed in applying for compensation for occupational infection;
8.2.6. the reporting of all occupational accidents; and
8.2.7. adequate monitoring of occupational exposure to HIV to ensure that the requirements of possible compensation claims are being met.
9.1. An employee may be compensated if he or she becomes infected with HIV as a result of an occupational accident, in terms of the Compensation for Occupational Injuries and Diseases Act.
9.2. Employers should take reasonable steps to assist employees with the application for benefits including:
providing information to affected employees on the procedures that will need to be followed in order to qualify for a compensation claim; and
assisting with the collection of information which will assist with proving that the employees were occupationally exposed to HIV infected blood.
9.3. Occupational exposure should be dealt with in terms of the Compensation for Occupational Injuries and Diseases Act. Employers should ensure that they comply with the provisions of this Act and any procedure or guideline issued in terms thereof.
10.1. Employees with HIV or AIDS may not be unfairly discriminated against in the allocation of employee benefits.
10.2. Employees who become ill with AIDS should be treated like any other employee with a comparable life threatening illness with regard to access to employee benefits.
10.3. Information from benefit schemes on the medical status of an employee should be kept confidential and should not be used to unfairly discriminate.
10.4. Where an employer offers a medical scheme as part of the employee benefit package it must ensure that this scheme does not unfairly discriminate, directly or indirectly, against any person on the basis of his or her HIV status.
11.1. Employees with HIV/AIDS may not be dismissed solely on the basis of their HIV/AIDS status.
11.2. Where an employee has become too ill to perform their current work, an employer is obliged to follow accepted guidelines regarding dismissal for incapacity before terminating an employee's services, as set out in the Code of Good Practice on Dismissal contained in Schedule 8 of the Labour Relations Act.
13.1. The effective management of HIV/AIDS in the workplace requires an integrated strategy that includes, amongst others, the following elements:
13.1.1. An understanding and assessment of the impact of HIV/AIDS on the workplace; and
13.1.2. Long and short term measures to deal with and reduce this impact, including:
An HIV/AIDS Policy for the workplace
HIV/AIDS Programmes, which would incorporate:
Ongoing sustained prevention of the spread of HIV among employees and their communities;
Management of employees with HIV so that they are able to work productively for as long as possible; and
Strategies to deal with the direct and indirect costs of HIV/AIDS in the workplace.
14.1. Employers and trade unions should develop appropriate strategies to understand, assess and respond to the impact of HIV/AIDS in their particular workplace and sector. This should be done in cooperation with sectoral, local, provincial and national initiatives by government, civil society and non-governmental organisations.
14.2. Broadly, impact assessments should include:
Assessment of the direct and indirect costs of HIV/AIDS;
14.3. Risk profiles may include an assessment of the following:
The vulnerability of individual employees or categories of employees to HIV infection;
A profile of the communities from which the organisation draws its employees;
A profile of the communities surrounding the organisation's place of operation; and
An assessment of the impact of HIV/AIDS upon their target markets and client base.
14.4. The assessments should also consider the impact that the HIV/AIDS epidemic may have on:
Indirect costs such as costs incurred as a result of increased absenteeism, employee morbidity, loss of productivity, a general decline in workplace morale and possible workplace disruption;
14.5. The cost effectiveness of any HIV/AIDS interventions should also be measured as part of an impact assessment
15.1.1. Every workplace should develop an HIV/AIDS policy, in order to ensure that employees affected by HIV/AIDS are not unfairly discriminated against in employment policies and practices. This policy should cover:
the organisation's position on HIV/AIDS;
an outline of the HIV/AIDS programme;
details on employment policies (e.g. position regarding HIV testing, employee benefits, performance management and procedures to be followed to determine medical incapacity and dismissal);
express standards of behaviour expected of employers and employees and appropriate measures to deal with deviations from these standards;
grievance procedures in line with item 12 of this Code;
set out the means of communication within the organisation on HIV/AIDS issues;
details of employee assistance available to persons affected by HIV/AIDS;
details of implementation and coordination responsibilities; and
monitoring and evaluation mechanisms.
15.1.2. All policies should be developed in consultation with key stakeholders within the workplace including trade unions, employee representatives, occupational health staff and the human resources department.
15.1.3. The policy should reflect the nature and needs of the particular workplace.
15.1.4. Policy development and implementation is a dynamic process, so the workplace policy should be:
routinely reviewed in light of epidemiological and scientific information; and
monitored for its successful implementation and evaluated for its effectiveness.
15.2.1. It is recommended that every workplace works towards developing and implementing a workplace HIV/AIDS programme aimed at preventing new infections, providing care and support for employees who are infected or affected, and managing the impact of the epidemic in the organisation.
15.2.2. The nature and extent of a workplace programme should be guided by the needs and capacity of each individual workplace. However, it is recommended that every workplace programme should attempt to address the following in cooperation with the sectoral, local, provincial and national initiatives:
conduct education and training on HIV/AIDS;
create an environment that is conducive to openness, disclosure and acceptance amongst all staff;
endeavour to establish a wellness programme for employees affected by HIV/AIDS;
provide access to counselling and other forms of social support for people affected by HIV/AIDS;
develop strategies to address direct and indirect costs associated with HIV/AIDS in the workplace, as outlined under item 14.4
regularly monitor, evaluate and review the programme.
15.2.3. Employers should take all reasonable steps to assist employees with referrals to appropriate health, welfare and psycho-social facilities within the community, if such services are not provided at the workplace
16.1. The Department of Labour should ensure that copies of this code are available and accessible.
16.2. Employers and employer organisations should include the Code in their orientation, education and training programmes of employees.
16.3. Trade unions should include the Code in their education and training programmes of shop stewards and employees.
Affected employee: an employee who is affected in any way by HIV/AIDS eg if they have a partner or a family member who is HIV positive.
AIDS: AIDS is the acronym for "acquired immune deficiency syndrome". AIDS is the clinical definition given to the onset of certain life-threatening infections in persons whose immune systems have ceased to function properly as a result of infection with HIV.
Epidemiological: The study of disease patterns, causes, distribution and mechanisms of control in society.
HIV: HIV is the acronym for "human immuno deficiency virus". HIV is a virus which attacks and may ultimately destroy the body's natural immune system.
Infected employee: an employee who has tested positive for HIV or who has been diagnosed as having HIV/AIDS.
Informed consent: a process of obtaining consent from a patient which ensures that the person fully understands the nature and implications of the test before giving his or her agreement to it.
Policy: a document setting out an organisation's position on a particular issue.
Reasonable Accommodation: means any modification or adjustment to a job or to the workplace that is reasonably practicable and will enable a person living with HIV or AIDS to have access to or participate or advance in employment.
STDs: acronym for "sexually transmitted diseases". These are infections passed from one person to another during sexual intercourse, including syphilis, gonorrhea and HIV.
Surveillance Testing: This is anonymous, unlinked testing which is done in order to determine the incidence and prevalence of disease within a particular community or group to provide information to control, prevent and manage the disease.

Race for the top slot of Chairman Senate is in full swing for which the independent candidates have assumed significance as no major party has enough numbers to do it on its own without their help.
Although, PML-N has now 34 senators, 19 short of the required number, there will be a lot of jockeying to clinch the office of the chairman.
Thus, the PML-N is short of 19 votes to hit the magic figure of 53, the simple majority, in the 104-member chamber to elect its nominee as the chairman.
In contrast, the PPP requires another 33 MPs to clinch the berth for the third consecutive three-year term. Obviously, it will be an uphill task to rally around this huge tally.

- What is the purpose of your coming?
- Is it your first visit to Thailand?
- No, it is already my third visit.
- Good morning! Welcome to the Ibiza Hotel.
- Nice to meet you, Mr Maxim. Is Sokolov your first name?
- No, my first name is Maxim. Sokolov is my surname.
- No, with my wife and my two daughters.
- Give me your passport please.
- Thank you. Everything is alright. Here is your key.
- Hello. John Stuart speaking. How can I help you?
- Hello. My name is Jack White. Can I speak to Jason Brown?
- He is at work, but he is in another office.
- Can you give me the phone number of that office?
- I'm good, too. How can I help you?
- You can buy a good used car here.
- Good morning! How are you doing?
- Good morning! I want to buy shoes.
- Have you these shoes in black?
- Have you got hundred dollars?
- I've got a ticket for bad parking.
- I hope it is your last ticket for bad parking.
- Honey, I want to buy presents for our daughters. What can we buy?
- But she has already got a lot of dolls.
- She is a girl. She likes new dolls.
- She wants a book with a lot of pictures. I can read it for her.
- Your dinner is ready. Whose salad is it?
- Here you are, ma'am. Whose meat is it?
- Here you are, sir. Whose milkshakes are these?
- Here you are, kids. Whose beer is it?
- Yes. We drink tea. Where is it?
- Oh, I'm sorry. Just a minute.
- I would like to go to the cinema.
- Oh, I like to go to the cinema too.
- Unfortunately I have no time today.
- Yes, I can go to the cinema with you tomorrow.
- OK, let's do it tomorrow. Then today I would like to go to the beach.
- My sister likes to swim in the sea. I can take her with me.
- Say hello to your sister. See you tomorrow!
- Yeah, I like it. Pasta is my favorite dish.
- No, it is too sweet. Next time I would like to order mineral water. Do you drink mineral water?
- Yes, but I prefer soda. Coke is my favorite one.
- They drink soda not very often.
- No, I don't wear glasses, only sunglasses.
- No, I don't like pills or tablets.
- You need to take care of your health.
- Excuse me. Can you repair my car?
- I need to check your car. Does the engine work?
- Give me the key please... We need to change the relay.
- It is not expensive. It costs ten dollars.
- Can I pay with a credit card?
- No, only cash. Sorry for that.
- What kind of shirt would you like?
- I'd like a short sleeve shirt.
- They are not here. Only long sleeve shirts are here. Follow me. Look. What kind of material do you want?
- It looks good. Where can I try it on?
- Yes, it fits you perfectly. Would you like anything else?
- Are you ready to begin your work? oleg
- Yes, I can come to work tomorrow.
- Here in the office or in a restaurant.
- You. But you get 5 per cent from all your clients.
- Oh, then I'd like to invite new clients to the office.
- You mustn't feed the crocodile! Girl, what are you doing?
- I am playing with the monkey.
- You mustn't do it! Sir, what are you doing?
- Don't do it! It is a zoo! You can only watch animals here! Ma'am, what are you doing?
- But these are just pigeons! They are not from our zoo!
- I'm fixing our vacuum cleaner.
- My wife and I are cooking dinner. We want to invite you tonight.
- Yes. How much milk do you need?
- Then give me a bottle of milk.
- How many potatoes would you like?
- About two or three kilograms.
- OK. Take this bag of potatoes. It is exactly three kilograms. Anything else?
- No, that's all. How much is it all together?
- Here is your change. Thank you.
- I want to invite you to our party. Will you come?
- Yeah, we will come. What time? At six?
- OK. What can we bring for the party?
- Yep, we will bring a salad. My wife will make a very delicious one.
- Very good! We will wait for you!
- What will we do at the weekend?
- No, I won't swim. It is too cold.
- No, I won't eat out. It is too expensive.
- No, I won't go there. I don't like the new films.
- OK. What do you want to do at the weekend?
- I don't know. Maybe we will visit my parents?
- No, I won't go there. We visit your parents too often. Maybe we will go to my parents?
- Excellent. We will wait for a wonderful weekend.
- What is wrong with you? You look sick.
- I think it is because of the weather.
- Do you have any pills for headache?
- I have some ibuprofen. Take it right now. It will help you.
- Yeah, thank you for inviting me!
- Oh, your house is large! What is this?
- Yes, these chairs are from Italy. Those shelves are from Spain.
- I like everything here. Show me your living-room.
- With pleasure. Here is our album.
- No, I have a lot of appointments tomorrow.
- What about the day after tomorrow?
- I have few appointments on that day but I will be in another city.
- Then next week on the 13th or 14th of September?
- What are your plans for Sunday?
- We are going to climb in the mountains.
- Cool! How are you going to get to the mountains?
- I am going to rent a car. And what about you?
- I am going to go to the coast.
- No, by bus. I don't have a driver licence.
- Are you going to dive in the sea?
- No, I just want to sunbathe and relax.
- When are you going to leave home? yulia
- When are you going to take a vacation?
- No, in April. It begins on the third of April.
- Where are you going to spend your vacation?
- No, in Biysk. I am going to go to Moscow maybe only in 2017.
- Would you like to order some salad for your wife?
- No, bring some meat for her please.

It took a little time getting here as we first had to upgrade the monitoring solution. Read all about the process here:
Two months ago, we started having issues with Grafana, or more accurately, with the whisper backend, something we weren’t aware of back then.
It was slow and inefficient. The system experienced many crashes that caused data loss at the time, and we didn’t have any high availability or backup for the data, so it was lost.
We had to do something to resolve these issues.
carbon-cache (https://github.com/graphite-project/carbon) – Carbon is one of the components of Graphite, and is responsible for receiving metrics over the network and writing them down to disk using a storage backend.
graphite web (https://github.com/graphite-project/graphite-web) – A highly scalable, real-time graphing system.
First, we tried to make the best of the old system already running, something that we now understand was not possible due to the heavy traffic of metrics and concurrent users.
We wanted to be able to work on the new solution using the production metrics while not causing any disruptions on the old production system.
At this point, we already started receiving more accurate metrics with the new C compiled services. However, this didn’t solve the performance and availability issues, so we decided to create a graphite cluster. The idea was that by splitting the data between nodes, we would get better performance out of the whisper database since each query will be querying less data.
To query data out of all nodes, the graphite-web is used to collect the data from other graphite-web instances on each node.
Running with the cluster solution resulted in better performance but at a big cost. Data could be queried very fast using 4 nodes, but when we began to invite users to try the new system we suddenly encountered another big issue: the number of concurrent users.
It seems that Graphite was unable to support a large number of concurrent users. Trying to add memcached to cache the renders and the metrics, we encountered an issue with many misses while running the cluster.
By the end of the cluster project ended, we learned a few things:
whisper as a backend is the root of our problem.
The Concurrent user issue must be addressed in the next solution (using memcached).
We need to think about the cost of the next solution as its beginning to be a big factor when scaling up.
InfluxDB (https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb), a scalable datastore for metrics, events, and real-time analytics provided the best solution to our problem.
The big problem with InfluxDB is that it required us to replace all dashboards, which can be difficult to do in some cases, and impossible in others. InfluxDB does not yet support “Join” operations between measurements and that makes some of the queries impossible.
The only thing left was to add the retention and aggregations to the data going into the InfluxDB.
Currently the new system is running for a month with only a few small issues, mostly relevant to fine-tuning the Docker daemon. In any case, data is stored on at least one of the datastores (InfluxDB or Graphite). The system can handle a greater number of concurrent users, and data is more accurate and stores metrics for 1 year.
As with all big projects, there is still work to be done, such as monitoring the system and creating better backups for the configurations.
We also noted that the way Graphite-API stores the data is by using separate measurements. This can cause a problem when using hundreds of measurements. We are still optimizing the Graphite-API in order to decrease the number of unique measurements (using Influx templates) and speed up the system.

After reading about turmoil in North Carolina's Medicare Advantage program, 85-year-old Marion Meili called with a question: Can I drop my policy and try to find a better deal on the Affordable Care Act exchange?
Short answer: No. The exchange, which offers subsidies for low- and moderate-income people, was designed to provide new options for people who don't have access to health insurance. It's not available to those who already have government coverage, including Medicare and Medicaid, or those who have qualified group plans offered by their employer.
"It's against the law for anyone who knows you have Medicare to sell you a Marketplace plan," says HealthCare.gov, the official ACA exchange site.
Of course, there's never a simple answer for anything related to health coverage, so the site follows up with exceptions: If you're paying a premium for Medicare Part A or if you're eligible for Medicare but haven't signed up you might be able to shop on the exchange (read details here).
Medicare Advantage is an option that lets senior citizens enroll in a private insurance plan (get a primer on how the system works here). Meili's policy is with UnitedHealthcare; she tells me she got a notice of a rate hike but called the insurance company and "got it a bit cheaper." That's a good reminder that it's always smart to shop around and ask for a better deal.
It's also smart to get help. Medicare options and costs change every year. In North Carolina, call 1-855-408-1212 or visit the Seniors Health Insurance Information Program website to get advice.
A note if you live in Mecklenburg County: Shepherd's Center does face-to-face counseling on Medicare enrollment and I have it on good authority (my 80-year-old mom) that they do excellent work. Unfortunately, they're also booked for the rest of this enrollment period, which ends Dec. 7. So if you call the state SHIIP line, tell them you want your question answered on the phone or you may get referred to Shepherd's Center, which will just send you back to the phone line.
I'm hearing from people who are switching plans as they check out their new rates for health insurance on the Affordable Care Act exchange. I'm working on a story and would love to hear people's experiences, but in the meantime, the Kaiser Family Foundation offers an important tip:
Just in case, keep proof of payment to answer any billing questions and once you’ve cancelled the old policy watch your credit card statements or, if the payment was deducted directly from a bank account, watch those charges to make sure you aren’t paying for two policies. And don’t cancel your current insurance until you have confirmation from your new carrier that you’re covered.
That's among a list of five tips for people enrolling or re-enrolling during the 2015 open enrollment period, which runs through Feb. 15. Read the other four here.
Shortly before open enrollment began Saturday, a reader who asked to be identified only as Elizabeth logged onto the Blue Cross website to try to estimate the cost of her policy in 2015. To estimate her subsidy under the Affordable Care Act, she was asked to enter her modified adjusted gross income.
I found a one-page explanation of that term created by the University of California Berkeley Labor Center. And HealthCare.gov, the official ACA website, offers a list of tips on what to include and omit in estimating the income that will be used to calculate 2015 tax credits.
Wages, salary, tips, net business income, unemployment compensation, alimony, Social Security, investment income and rental income all count toward determining how much aid you can get.
But the biggest challenge, it seems to me, is that you're not reporting what you made this year but predicting what you will make in 2015. For people with full-time salaried jobs that may be relatively easy, but for many others it's not. As John Murawski of the News & Observer reported last week, a whole lot of people are about to face up to how good their 2014 estimates were as they prepare their taxes.
At the risk of sounding like a broken record: When in doubt, get help. You can make an appointment for free personal advice from someone trained to navigate the ACA exchange by calling 1-855-733-3711 in North Carolina and 1-888-998-4646 in South Carolina (I've heard you may get a busy signal, but that should ease after the first few days.) Insurance agents and brokers can also help with the exchange.
And remember to check the source of your information. There are a lot of folks with official-looking websites and mailings trying to sell products, push agendas and maybe even rip you off. When I googled the ACA and "modified adjusted gross income," the first link that came up was a detailed explanation on ObamacareFacts.com. The page contains a note that it's "privately owned," and if you click around a bit more you'll learn that it's "run by two guys, we have no ties to any political party or organization and don’t receive funding from anyone." This unnamed duo may be as unbiased as they repeatedly profess to be and their information may be solid. But I wouldn't stake my health or money on it.
The final day was supposed to be Oct. 31, but relocation has spilled into this month. It's not that people weren't eager to help, but finding new homes for people with good minds but severely impaired bodies isn't easy.
"It’s certainly been much, much more difficult than we expected (and we knew it would be difficult)," director Jeni Kirk emailed me recently, as she worked to find a place for the last few residents to live.
The closing drew extensive coverage, and offers to help came in from nursing homes, assisted living facilities and people with "accessible" apartments to rent. But Kirk says frustrated residents and staff learned over and over that the label didn't mean a facility was ready to handle people in motorized wheelchairs who need help with bathing and other daily activities.
Likewise, assisted living and skilled nursing centers would offer to take residents, only to conclude later that they couldn't handle someone with such extensive physical needs.
"The final resident is slated to move to an apartment on Thursday of this week, but again, the bathroom is not accessible and he will likely have to get by with sponge baths until an accommodation can be made to retrofit the bathroom," Kirk concluded. "This experience has really opened my eyes to the crisis that exists for provision of accessible housing for the disabled."
I recently made my first venture into the world of consumer cost control in health care.
As a baby boomer, I grew up trusting my doctors to tell me what was needed, with insurance picking up the tab. In recent years I've joined many of you in seeing my premiums and out-of-pocket costs rise; my family is now on a very high-deductible plan.
When my husband got a screening colonoscopy early this year, we grumbled about being stuck with a $708 bill for anesthesia and pathology ($1,370 before the insurance discount), but we weren't shocked. We were mostly grateful to get more than $2,200 covered for the rest of the procedure.
It wasn't until I did an article on hidden costs for procedures that are supposed to be fully covered that I realized we should have asked more questions. Dr. Rig Patel, president of the N.C. Society of Gastroenterologists, offered details on how and why patients can end up with big bills for a cancer screening that's supposed to be covered by all policies.
So when I got my reminder email, I was ready. First I followed Patel's suggestion to ask the questions in advance, rather than making an appointment and quizzing the doctor as the procedure is about to begin.
When I got a scheduling staffer, I asked about sedation/anesthesia. She said the gastroenterology practice had changed its approach since the last time my husband and I did this. Then patients were given Demerol/Versed, known as conscious sedation. Now they're put under with propofol, which our policy doesn't cover, unless they specifically ask for the old form of sedation.
I also asked about timing. I'd been told to expect a follow-up in five years. She said the recommendation was "four to five years," and the practice was giving me the opportunity to do it at four.
Yeah ... no thanks. When I make an appointment next year I'll ask for Demerol/Versed, which worked fine the first time. My father, a surgeon, always emphasized the slim but serious risks of anesthesia. Never be put under unless it's a medical necessity, he told me. So skipping the propofol seems like a wise medical approach, as well as a money-saver.
Some would cite this as an illustration of the value of shifting costs to patients: With more skin in the game, we stop being "passive consumers." I was pleased that the staffer got back to me quickly and had good answers. But I can't help wondering why it falls to those of us with no medical training to figure out what to ask. Wouldn't it make sense for the gastronterologist's office to lay out the medical and financial implications of a new approach and give all patients an informed choice, rather than waiting to see who speaks up?
My first try at finding a central contact for South Carolina had failed, but I told her I'd keep looking and call her back. I eventually found one (888-998-4646) by posting a query on the Facebook page of a friend who works for The Columbia State. But the challenge illustrates a key finding of a recent study by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.
The conclusion: North Carolina tapped longstanding partnerships between health care and consumer groups, worked together to create a strong message promoting enrollment and created a central scheduling system that made it easy for people to get help signing up.
"The scheduling system tracked data on appointments, sometimes enabling organizations to deploy additional Navigator support in areas with high demand," the report says. "...The establishment of a central toll-free number helped brand the Marketplace and create a unified message about where to go to obtain enrollment information."
The system wasn't perfect, it continues, but is serving as a national model for Enroll America, a nonprofit group described as playing a central role in North Carolina's success.
"In contrast to the collaborative atmosphere in North Carolina, there were notable conflicts in South Carolina," the report says. "To the shock of many community-based organization, the largest Navigator grant went to an out-of-state, for-profit agency" (DECO Recovery Management of Maryland). As reports at the time indicated, the results were fragmented and confusing.
Smith says he never got any kind of confirmation, bill or policy and remained uninsured. Now the Charlotte woman is wondering: How can he do it this year and make sure it’s right?
If you decide to go it alone, look for a bill from the insurance company you chose. Enrollment isn’t complete until the buyer has made the first payment, says Madison Hardee, a Legal Services of Southern Piedmont lawyer who is a health care navigator.
"However, we encourage consumers to be proactive and contact their insurance company a day or two after selecting a plan," Hardee added. "That way, they can confirm coverage and go ahead and pay the first month’s payment over the phone."
My wife and I got on the affordable care plan last year. Do we have to do anything to renew it?
No. If you do nothing by Dec. 15, the plan will automatically renew. But look at the statement from your insurance company detailing any changes in the plan or premium. Experts say it’s smart to go online, update your information and see if there are better deals this year.
In fact, the reader who sent this question followed up later that day saying he had just gotten a letter from Coventry saying his old policy was cancelled and offering a new one at three times his current premium, with a higher deductible.
How long do immigrants have to be in the country to qualify for insurance on the exchange?
Eligibility is based on legal status, not length of residence. Those who have become citizens, hold a green card or have been granted asylum or refugee status are eligible. People who are not in the United States legally can’t participate, regardless of how long they’ve been here. See www.healthcare.gov/immigrants/ for details.
Most rulings from lower courts have sided with those who say the federal exchange those states use is valid, but the review raises the prospect that it could be deemed illegal. There's a lot at stake: The first time around, more than 325,000 North Carolinians got tax credits to reduce the cost of health insurance.
“People should go ahead and sign up, and the Supreme Court will hopefully go the right way,” said Jost, a law professor who's the author of a health law casebook. “Why would (Congress) have created the federal exchange if it can’t do anything?”
Brandon, a professor of political science and health policy, agrees: “People would be making a big mistake if they hold off on enrollment thinking it may not be there next year.”
An enrollment Q&A by Margot Sanger-Katz of The New York Times reached the same conclusion: "Ultimately, the case could mean that people in those states (using the federal exchange) who are getting subsidies to help pay for health insurance will no longer be able to receive them. But the case is a long way from being decided and won’t take money away from people who sign up for insurance now."
At an enrollment kickoff Wednesday, Charlotte City Council member LaWana Mayfield talked about "fear tactics" being used to deter the people who are most likely to lack health insurance -- young people, African Americans and Latinos -- from signing up. She said people are "being told it will be taken away."
"We cannot let fear stop us from gaining access to health care," Mayfield said.
One thing seems certain: The political strife over "Obamacare," approved in 2010 with no Republican votes, will rage on in 2015, as the GOP gains a majority in the Senate as well as the House.
ACA window-shopping: What are you seeing?
The 2015 rates were posted on HealthCare.gov today, allowing people to start preparing for Saturday's start of the open enrollment season. I plugged my info in and quickly got a menu of plans. But because I have workplace insurance and didn't do this last year, I don't have much sense of how rates and plans are changing.
So if you already have insurance through the exchange, please take a peek and let me know what you see. You can let your current plan renew automatically, but experts say it's smart to check the 2015 options to see if you can get a better deal.
Update: I'm hearing from people who went to their personal account and couldn't get anything new. What you have to do is go to the general HealthCare.gov page and enter general info (zip code, income and age/smoking status of those who will be insured) to get rates for 2015. I don't think you'll be able to get an official individual quote until Saturday.
A few reminders: The Mecklenburg branch of Get Covered America will hold an opening day enrollment and information event at the Children and Family Services Center, 601 E. Fifth St., from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, Nov. 15. If you plan to apply, bring your Social Security number, date of birth, employer information, proof of household income and policy numbers for any existing coverage.
While you can't sign up for subsidized insurance until Saturday, you can schedule an appointment for in-person assistance in North Carolina now by calling 1-855-733-3711.
And you can get a lot of helpful tips by downloading HealthInsurance.org's "Insider's Guide to Obamacare's Open Enrollment."
How much will you pay at tax time if you still don't have health insurance? How can you minimize hassles when the Affordable Care Act exchange opens for 2015 enrollment on Nov. 15? Is there anything you need to do if you got insurance on the exchange this year?
"The Insider's Guide to Obamacare's Open Enrollment," a 38-page free e-book produced by healthinsurance.org, provides some of the clearest answers I've seen to these and other questions. To get a copy, go to this link and provide your email address (you're signing up for a newsletter, but you can unsubscribe if you're not interested).
A couple of crucial points: If you want your 2015 insurance to be in effect on Jan. 1, you have a short window -- Nov. 15 to Dec. 15 -- to shop on HealthCare.gov. And if you're among more than 357,000 North Carolinians who bought 2014 plans on the exchange, there are good reasons to check whether your plan is still the best deal, rather than letting this year's plan automatically renew.
The guide predicts the website will work better than it did last year -- and even explained why I've had so little luck getting any insurance folks to talk to me about the testing: "Insurers (who have tested the 2015 site) are bound by a confidentiality clause that prohibits them from discussing the results of their testing with the media."
But with a three-month window this year, compared with six last year, the authors still suggest starting early and doing groundwork in advance. For those who are so inclined, you can call 1-855-733-3711 now to make a post-Nov. 15 appointment for in-person assistance in North Carolina.
Get Covered Mecklenburg plans a big opening day enrollment and information event at the Children and Family Services Center, 601 E. Fifth St. It will be from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Nov. 15. If you plan to apply, bring your Social Security number, date of birth, employer information, proof of household income and policy numbers for any existing coverage.
Premiums for individually-purchased health insurance rose an average of 49 percent during the first year of the Affordable Care Act, with young men seeing rates go up 78 percent, according to a new nonpartisan review of 2013 and 2014 rates.
An increase is no surprise. The ACA mandated a higher level of benefits for all policies and eliminated the practice of denying coverage or boosting rates based on medical conditions.
But Kev Coleman, head of research and data for HealthPocket, says he was caught off guard by the size of the hikes. "I thought it was going to be a lower amount," he said Tuesday.
HealthPocket, a health insurance comparison website owned by Health Insurance Innovations, compared premiums for nonsmoking 23-, 30- and 63-year-old men and women in the two largest metropolitan areas of each state. The study includes 2014 policies sold on ACA exchanges and independently. It does not include group rates for employer-provided insurance. And the 2014 rates don't factor in the government subsidies that reduced payments for most people who bought on the exchanges.
The youngest men saw the biggest hike, from an average of $145 a month in 2013 to $258 this year, a 78 percent increase. Again, it's no surprise that men took a hit. The ACA eliminated the practice of charging women more because of the possibility of pregnancy and other gender-specific expenses.
The oldest men saw the smallest percentage increase (23 percent), but that's partly because they had the highest 2013 rates ($603 a month, going up to $741).
The report notes that the comparison is "multifaceted and prone to political misuse." You can find a discussion of the issues in the report's conclusion -- and with midterm elections less than a week away, you can also bet on seeing some simplified versions circulating soon.
Actually, it's a viral email that FactCheck.org labeled "nonsense" when it started circulating at income tax time, now updated for election season. Here's the version Gubbins got, forwarded by a cousin in Tennessee.
(Celebrating 42 years of Professional Service)
If you think that it is important enough that everyone in the U.S. should know this, pass it on. If not, then delete it.
Here's what FactCheck had to say: "Some of these figures aren’t accurate, and none of these increases took effect on Jan. 1, 2014, or had anything to do with the Affordable Care Act. And the claim that 'not one Republican voted to do these' is false."
It's not that the ACA doesn't include tax hikes. It does, including increased Medicare taxes on high earners, a new tax on high-cost employer-sponsored insurance plans and penalties for people who don't get coverage. But this list seems aimed at creating outrage and anger before people go to the polls next week, not analyzing the health care program.
William Heath is indeed the chairman and CEO of Barrington, a Houston-based financial firm with offices in Texas and California. When I inquired, he noted that he didn't write the email, but he didn't deny forwarding a message filled with inaccuracies.
"No matter when or who caused the increases, we, the taxpayer, will be paying them," Heath said in an email. He cited the final paragraph from the FactCheck report: "Having said all that, we’ll note that taxes have gone up for some as a result of Obamacare. The law imposes a 3.8 percent tax on net investment income that applies to people who earn more than $200,000 a year for singles, or $250,000 for joint filers. It also levies an additional Medicare tax of 0.9 percent on wages, salaries and self-employment income for people in those income groups. However, these changes also took effect in 2013, not 2014."
It's timely because many of us are getting 2015 health insurance packets from our employers and learning that premiums will rise. But while it can't hurt to check out HealthCare.gov (the site says "window shopping" info on 2015 rates is coming in early November), it's unlikely you'll find a better deal.
As the only full-time employee, I've got my husband and 25-year-old son on my Observer policy (the ACA requires employers to offer coverage until children turn 26).
Our son works two part-time jobs, neither of which offers health insurance. His income would likely qualify him for a hefty tax credit. But I was initially told that because the ACA makes him eligible for my plan he can't claim that aid.
I'm glad we have options, but it does make for complex choices. And in North Carolina, the calculation has to include whether his 2015 income might dip below $11,670, plunging him into the coverage gap in which he would no longer be eligible for aid. That's an issue in states that have declined to expand Medicaid, which was supposed to fill that gap for low-income adults.
Grissom, who has young adult children of her own, says she was also unclear on how this works until she started digging. "We both learned something new today," she said. "And like everything else ACA-related – it’s complicated!"
When I called him recently to ask about hidden costs, he was eager to talk. The situation is changing rapidly for the better, he said, but the situation is still "very frustrating and very difficult" for doctors and patients.
A screening colonoscopy for people 50 and older is supposed to be fully covered under the Affordable Care Act. But depending on your policy, you could get a bill for sedation, for a pathologist's service or even for the whole procedure if precancerous polyps are found. Patel says private insurance companies are coming around to full coverage, but there are still exceptions -- and patients who get bills based on outdated information. His advice: Work this out with the insurance company and the billing office before you show up, rather than trying to wrangle with your doctors and nurses when the time comes.
Don't go to a hospital for the procedure unless there's a medical reason; it can double or triple your bill, Patel says. And ask how you'll be sedated. Some doctors administer Demerol and/or Versed to induce drowsiness and reduce pain. That's not likely to generate a separate bill. However, Patel says the trend is toward using propofol, which puts patients into a deeper sleep and must be done under supervision. He said his practice in Raleigh has shifted from an anesthesiologist to a certified nurse anesthetist to cut costs. Ask your doctor about the medical and financial issues beforehand.
Can a patient skip the sedation altogether? "If they're motivated we will do that," Patel said, but it's far from ideal. "You need a very quiet, peaceful patient who's not moving around. We want to be able to focus on the procedure and not on that uncomfortable patient."
A recent conservative poll found that 60 percent of voters want Congress to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Anderson is executive director of The 2017 Project, which promotes a conservative agenda. He argues that Kaiser isn't the "gold standard" on health care polling that many in both parties believe it to be, but "a pro-Obamacare outfit."
But there's an important kernel of truth in Anderson's piece when he notes that "improve the law" and "replace it with something else" are vague options. That's the nature of public polling; we get people's gut reaction to broad terms, not an in-depth analysis. From what I can tell, most Americans agree that our health care system needs a lot more work and few of us know how to make that happen.
So here's my suggestion: If you're trying to think through what needs to happen next year, check out Politico's recent piece on Obamacare 2.0. The online magazine asked 15 leaders in the health care scene to describe the next steps. The authors span the political spectrum. Some tout the act's successes while others proclaim it a disaster. But they all talk about follow-up actions, whether that's creating a single-payer system (independent Sen. Bernie Sanders), rolling out a new system that emphasizes choice and cost control (GOP Sen. Lamar Alexander) or making adjustments to what's in place. Reading this piece takes time, but it's the kind of discussion regular people need to tap into if we want to get beyond sound bites.
Even people with health insurance who call themselves financially secure worry that they can't cover their out-of-pocket costs if a medi...
A national coalition working to get lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgendered people health coverage under the Affordable Care Act has been...
People who are eligible for aid paying out-of-pocket medical costs are most likely to be white, single and living in the South, according t...
Carolinas HealthCare System is still offering financial aid to help some low-income patients pay insurance premiums for 2015. As I reported ...
If you're a Canadian and have been in the workforce for a decade or more, then you know that your income purchases less today than the...
Is there an iPhone in the house?
Can you really use your phone to check your heartbeat and find out whether it's healthy? That caught my attention when I heard a report...

You’ll never find an accessory with quite the same charm as a piece of vintage jewellery. Vintage rings are especially popular, perfect as romantic, one-of-a-kind engagement rings.
Browse our collection to find the perfect ring for you or your loved one.
I wanted a unique piece of antique jewellery and Westende Jewellers had a huge range. They were so helpful and while I was choosing an item I had my watch battery changed. The service was great, very professional and friendly.

This visa is for young people who want to holiday and work in Australia for up to a year. It is a temporary visa that encourages cultural exchange and closer ties between Australia and eligible partner countries.
you are sponsored by an organisation:
the occupational training is provided directly by the sponsor (unless an exemption exists)
the occupational training meets the criteria for one of the nomination eligibility types.
It lets you stay in Australia temporarily after you have finished your studies. Students are only able to access the Temporary Graduate visa (subclass 485) once as a primary applicant.
It allows you to live and work in Australia as a permanent resident. To be able to apply for this visa you need to submit an expression of interest (EOI) and then be invited through SkillSelect to apply.
This visa allows skilled workers to live and work in specified regional areas in Australia for up to four years.
For family members of someone who already holds a subclass 489, 475, 487, 495 or 496 - Apply for a Skilled Regional (Provisional) Subsequent Entrant (subclass 489) visa.
You can also apply for this visa if you hold a provisional visa in subclass 496, 495, 487 or 475.
This visa lets parents live in Australia for up to two years if they are the parents of an Australian citizen, permanent resident or eligible New Zealand citizen who is settled in Australia.
This visa is temporary and cannot be extended or renewed. After arriving in Australia, you have two years to apply for a Contributory Parent visa (subclass 143). In this way, you can spread the costs of the Contributory Parent migration over a number of years.
Most applicants must be sponsored by their child.
lawfully resident in Australia for at least two years (a shorter period can be considered for Australian citizens if there are compelling and compassionate circumstances)
You might be able to get a permanent Contributory Parent (Temporary) visa (subclass 143) if you either:
The temporary Partner visa (subclass 820) allows you to live in Australia if you are the spouse or de facto partner of:
In some circumstances the visa can be granted where your partner relationship has ended.
You lodge one application form for your temporary and permanent visas and pay one application charge. Your application is processed in two stages, about two years apart.
To get this visa, you must be married to or in a de facto relationship with an:
You must be in a genuine and ongoing relationship. You must live with your partner or, if you do not, any separation must be only temporary. Both parties must freely consent to the relationship.
Your marriage must be valid under Australian law. Underage, polygamous and same-sex marriages are not legal in Australia. The marriage could be valid under limited circumstances if one person is younger than 18 years of age. Same-sex couples can apply for this visa based on their de facto relationship.
Usually your de facto relationship must have existed for at least 12 months immediately before you apply for this visa. Time spent dating does not count towards a de facto relationship.
You can be granted a visa without having been in a de facto relationship for 12 months if:
your de facto relationship has been registered in Australia (this is not available in all states and territories).
You must also be older than 18 years of age and not be related to your partner by family. This means you cannot be an ancestor or descendant of one another, or have a parent in common.
You must be in Australia when you apply.
You must be outside Australia and married or in a de facto relationship with:
You must be in a genuine and ongoing relationship. You must live with your partner or, if you do not, any separation must be only temporary.
Both parties must freely consent to the relationship.
You can apply if you intend to marry your partner before a decision on your visa is made.
In most cases, permanent residence cannot be granted less than two years from when you lodge your application.
You might be able to get this visa if you are married to or in a de facto relationship with an:
The Prospective Marriage visa (subclass 300) is for people who want to come to Australia to marry their prospective spouse.
You might be able to get this visa if you intend to marry:
intend to marry and live as husband or wife with your prospective spouse
be the opposite sex to your prospective spouse (same-sex couples can apply for a Partner visa based on their de facto relationship)
This visa is for a child who is:
The Remaining Relative visa (subclass 115) is a permanent visa for people who want to live in Australia to be with their only near relatives.
Your application must be made outside Australia and you must be outside Australia when the visa is granted.
you have someone who will provide an assurance of support
you and your family members meet health and character requirements.
 the Short-Term stream (length of stay up to 2 years)
 the Medium-Term stream (length of stay up to 4 years)
Short-term stream: This stream is available if your employer wishes to sponsor you (as an overseas skilled worker) on a temporary basis only in occupations listed on the Short-term Skilled Occupation list (STSOL) for a TSS visa - see lists of eligible skilled occupations. It can be used to fill positions for a maximum of:
Medium-term stream: This stream is available if your employer wishes to sponsor you (as an overseas skilled worker) for periods of up to four years in occupations listed on the Medium and Long-term Strategic Skills List (MLTSSL) or the Regional Occupation List (ROL) for a TSS visa - see lists of eligible skilled occupations.
Labour agreement stream: This stream is available if your employer wishes to sponsor you and has entered into a labour agreement with the Department – see labour agreements.
have been nominated for a position by an approved sponsor and that nomination has been approved
have at least 2 years work experience in your nominated occupation or related field.
This visa is a permanent residence visa for skilled workers who want to work in regional Australia. It allows you to work in Australia under one of two streams:
You may be available if your employer wishes to sponsor you for permanent residence and you are the holder of :
And have worked for your employer for at least:
 3 out of the previous 4 years in the same position that they have nominated you for; or
If you do not meet the requirements under the TRT stream (for example, because you have never, or only briefly worked in Australia), this stream may then be available if your employer still wishes to sponsor you for permanent residence.
​This visa is a permanent residence visa for skilled workers. It allows you to work in Australia under following streams:
You are eligible if your employer wishes to sponsor you for permanent residence and you hold either of the following:
And have worked for your employer full-time in Australia on your TSS and/or subclass 457 visa(s) for at least:
 Three out of the previous four years (before the nomination is made) in the same position that they have nominated you for; or
 Two out of the previous three years before the nomination is made, if transitional arrangements apply because you either held, or were an applicant for, a subclass 457 visa (which was subsequently granted) on 18 April 2017
If you do not meet the requirements under the TRT stream, this stream may then be available if
your employer wishes to sponsor you for permanent residence.
This visa is for people who want to travel to Australia to:
do short-term, highly specialised, non-ongoing work
in limited circumstances, participate in an activity or work relating to Australia’s interests.
Generally the stay period allowed is up to three months but up to six months may be considered in limited circumstances if supported by a strong business case.
You might be eligible for this visa if you:
are required in Australia for exceptional circumstances of national importance, such as to assist following a natural disaster.
You must be outside Australia when you apply for this visa and at the time your visa application is decided.
This visa allows you to come to Australia on a temporary basis:
to participate in the program of seasonal work (Seasonal Worker Program stream).
You might be able to get this visa if:
you meet the requirements for one of the streams within this visa.
This visa allows you to come to Australia on a temporary basis to:
participate in high-level sports competitions or sports training programs
participate in a special programme approved by the department that provides opportunities for youth exchange, cultural enrichment or community benefits
do full-time domestic work in the household of certain senior foreign executives
are supported by an organisation or individual in Australia to undertake a specific activity and you:
intend to stay in Australia for three months or less
are sponsored by an approved sponsor to undertake a specific activity and you:
The Business Talent visa (subclass 132) is a permanent residence visa for business people who are nominated by an Australian state or territory government agency.
This visa allows you to establish a new or develop an existing business in Australia. It has two streams:
Significant Business History stream: for high-calibre business owners or part-owners who want to do business in Australia
You might be able to get this visa if you are nominated by a state or territory government agency and are invited to apply by the minister.
have obtained at least AUD1 million in venture capital funding to start the commercialisation and development of a high-value business idea in Australia if you intend to apply for the visa in the Venture Capital Entrepreneur stream.
You must submit an Expression of Interest (EOI) through SkillSelect and be nominated by a state or territory government or Austrade on behalf of the Australian government before being invited to apply for this visa.
Business Innovation stream: for people with business skills who want to establish, develop and manage a new or existing business in Australia. Applicants must be nominated by a state or territory government.
Investor stream: for people who want to make a designated investment of at least AUD1.5million in an Australian state or territory and maintain business and investment activity in Australia. Applicants must be nominated by a state or territory government.
Significant Investor stream: for people who are willing to invest at least AUD5million into complying significant investments in Australia and want to maintain business and investment activity in Australia. Applicants can be nominated by a state or territory government or Austrade on behalf of the Australian government.
you are nominated by a state or territory government or Austrade on behalf of the Australian government
you (and all members of your family unit ) meet certain health and character requirements
you meet the additional requirements for the stream in which you apply.
You might be able to get this visa if you are nominated by a state or territory or the Australian government; and
hold a Special Category visa (subclass 444) and have met the requirements of the business innovation stream.
for up to three, six or 12 months.
The eVisitor (subclass 651) visa is free. You must be a passport holder of a certain country.
The Electronic Travel Authority (subclass 601) visa has an AUD20 service charge. You must be a passport holder of a certain country.
You might be able to get this visa if you are travelling to Australia:
on a tour with a registered travel agent from the People’s Republic of China.
If you are in Australia you can apply for the Tourist stream of the Visitor visa online provided you currently have a valid visa that does not have condition 8503 imposed.
If you hold a passport from the People's Republic of China and are applying from within China you might be able to apply for the Visitor Visa (subclass 600) Frequent Traveller stream visa.
This visa is for young people who want to holiday and work in Australia for up to a year. It is a temporary visa that encourages cultural exchange and closer ties between Australia and eligible countries.
You must be outside Australia when you apply for your first Working Holiday visa and when the visa is decided.
hold a valid passport from a country involved in the Working Holiday Program with Australia
have turned 18 years of age but have not yet turned 31
are a genuine visitor who wants to have a holiday in Australia
have enough money to buy a return or onward travel ticket at the end of your stay
Countries involved in Working Holiday Program include Belgium, Canada, Republic of Cyprus, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China (including British National Overseas passport holders), Republic of Ireland, Italy, Japan, Republic of Korea, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Tainwan and United Kingdom.
The Special Category visa (subclass 444) is a temporary visa that lets you stay and work in Australia as long as you remain a New Zealand citizen.
You might be able to get this visa on your arrival to Australia if you:
You must meet certain health requirements.
This visa allows a non-New Zealand family member of a New Zealand citizen to live and work in Australia for up to five years.
you are a member of the family unit of a New Zealand citizen
You must be related to the New Zealand citizen as one of the following:
the dependent child of you or your partner's child/step-child.
It allows you to travel overseas and return to Australia as a permanent resident. You need this visa if the travel period on your current permanent visa has expired or is about to expire.

A major police investigation is under way after a woman was raped at knifepoint by a masked man at a house in Rotherham.
The 25-year-old was at a property in Grange Lane, Maltby, when two men wearing masks entered and threatened her with a knife before one carried out the attack.
Detective Inspector Simon Palmer, who is leading the investigation, said: “We understand that this in an incredibly distressing incident and specialist officers are supporting the victim and her family.
“I can reassure members of the public that a thorough investigation is underway including detailed forensic work, house to house enquiries and we are reviewing CCTV footage of the area."
The attacker was around 5ft 10ins tall and wearing a light coloured jumper, blue jeans, a black belt and white trainers.
The second man was wearing a black hooded top and blue jeans.

Bravo here with a jam-packed post-E3 Halo Bulletin! The team endured an exciting, chaotic week at the Electronic Entertainment Expo, and we’ve survived to tell the tale. However, before we do so, I’ve got something that I am particularly excited to tell you about.

Living in Arizona drastically shortens the off-season for me, especially since I work for the Arizona Fall League and my “season” doesn’t end until the week before Thanksgiving, and despite all the distractions this year was no exception.
It seems just like yesterday I was sitting in the press box at the Peoria Sports Complex with MLB.com writer Bernie Pleskoff (Twitter: @BerniePleskoff, give him a follow, he will respond to questions) wondering if Billy Hamilton will hit enough to play regularly (he won’t).
I went to breakfast with a buddy on Tuesday morning and drove past the Rangers and Royals complex near my house, and there were players on both sides running, hitting and throwing, so I can confirm at least two teams have started.
I know some people here won’t believe what someone else says and unless they see players on the field themselves Spring Training is just a rumor, but it is true.
Well said, Chuck — even if you had to take a jab at WAR at the end. LOL.
Bauer’s a talented kid but his head gets in his way, maybe a change of scenery would do him good.
He’ll be 27 in March and just came off the best season of his career, hitting .300/.389/.474 with 13 HR, and 11 triples.
It’s funny. Baseball-Reference’s WAR has Fowler as a below-average CFer. I didn’t think so, but I guess everyone in the same league as Andrew McCutchen is going to be below-average.
Click on the second picture from the left.
The window is where my desk is.
The open window on the far left of the picture is where Uecker sits.
Surprise and Peoria are on the same road about ten miles apart. The furthest drive would be Surprise to Mesa, which is about 50 miles.
Pujols didn’t play last year when the Angels went, Angels play twice this year hopefully I’ll see him.
Well I have to assume that you’ll be working. I don’t think you just watch games all day, so there’s a chance you could miss some players here and there.
I don’t care if all he does is throw a bullpen..I’ll be happy.
“Well I have to assume that you’ll be working. I don’t think you just watch games all day, so there’s a chance you could miss some players here and there.”
Oh, God, it’s a nightmare, especially early on with all the substitutions.
I do the scoreboard so I know how many runs are scored and how many hits there are, but what individual guys do I have no idea most of the time.
Where the park is isn’t so bad because there’s an elementary school next door and a hospital across the street, but the further away you get the worse it is.
Probably why the city doesn’t allow the Brewers to play night games.
Wonder if he hires his brother.
This guy is a relief pitcher. How does a relief pitcher get arthroscopic knee surgery? What could he have possibly done that would have hurt his knee?
And then his mom put her tit in your hand.
@23 I used to live in the same town as Rick Sutcliffe. Never could figure out where in Lee’s Summit specifically, but I could guess. Somewhere up in Blackwell probably.
I did. Then I went after Maurice Ashley. He is from Jamacia, so I thought we would play for some good stuff.
I went to Spring Training in 2008 and 2009 in Arizona and it was a lot of fun. Perfect weather. Meanwhile, the teams in the grapefruit league are being rained out.
This year I’m hoping to pop down to Florida for some games on a weekend, but I’m kinda being jerked around by the Navy and will actually be moving again in a few weeks.
I’m all the way up in Saratoga Springs, but I think I’ll make my way to the city one weekend.
Dear lord. Saratoga. You might as well get your seersucker suit out right now.
Drinks are on you if you hit that trifecta.
You know a way to get Raul’s blood pressure up?
Idiot. He deserves it. It’s friggin February 15th and he tore a muscle. How? Everyone throwing a baseball at this point in the year is throwing at like fucking 40% from maybe half their normal distances.
I saw Liriano in the AFL and he was always showing off his arm, making hero throws when it wasn’t necessary.
“Playing catch” could be long-tossing or some other drill, doesn’t necessarily mean two guys standing ten feet apart throwing marshmallows.
After killing ourselves with fat and cholesterol, we walk across the complex to watch afternoon practice.
First time in the cage is bunting.
Lucky for me tonight is my wife’s night out..don’t have to worry about formulating a lie in explaining why my pants are wet.
“The dog puked and I had to wash him”
There may not be an arbitration hearing ths year. Will be a first if that happens.
Point. Knowing his stuff throughout the years, I can see last year being an abnormality with a massive ERA drop, but he still knows how to K a guy with his stuff.
It’s a bit of a gamble, I’m just assuming numbers stay roughly the same. For all we know, both of these guys could get mauled by the ALE. And Verlander is the best pitcher in baseball for my money. Scherzer has damn near the best stuff too. They’re a strong contender as well… But you did point out most of their games are against an incredibly weak AL Central. If ever you wanted a division to pad your numbers in, it’s us.
He’s a good #3. He’s an excellent #4.
@71 When you throw three digits down broadway, not really. A fastball shouldn’t be your out pitch, but it is with him.
It doesn’t always need to be 96 mph.
As you can tell, another big part of my philosophy is owning the inside of the plate and don’t be afraid to drill a guy straight in the knee if you have to. The head’s protected, their knee sure as shit ain’t.
Only if you have to. Brushing back ain’t anything new to pitching. I’m just a little dirty about it. Backs guys right the fuck off the plate and it makes owning the inside that much easier.
There’s a reason why 70% of all pitches thrown in baseball year in and year out are fastballs.
Cameron, there is no HAVE TO try to hurt someone And backing someone off the plate is completely different than trying to hurt them or damage their knee. You do that, & if someone MUST get hurt, I hope it is you by the batter & not him. Same goes for, say, Clemens & Piazza. Though either of them are exponentially more able to defend themselves from an aasault.
135 comments & counting, almost all strongly against him. I did not know about the affair w/the 15 year old who committed suicide. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/02/18/roger-clemens-hall-of-fame-vote-not-.losing-sleep_n_2713015.html
Yeah that sucks for Gamel. Another lost year. This guy is gonna be a DH in a few years anyway so hopefully his career won’t be shut down because of it.
You don’t teach Little Leaguers to throw at batters because they don’t have the control, and because they are just kids.
They’d be even more potent if they kept the Minor League Player of the Year.
@90 No. Throw inside, yes, but not knock hitters down. It’s little league, they’ll drill asses on their own. =P
It doesn’t, and not only that, on a bet you couldn’t find me a 12 year old that could throw a cutter.
Didn’t take long to get California out of your system, huh? LOL.
4/70 is best offer I’d give him.
Trade him to Texas for Andrus and a couple of prospects and I’d drive him to the airport myself.
I think the Steinbrenner kids are smart enough to realize by now that having a $20 million player at every position doesn’t guarantee a ring.
I know they can afford the luxury tax, but why pay it if you don’t have to?
For 8 months, 30 hours a week Raul. But likely you will have me a ballet ticket seller-or in a Tutu-as a rhetorical device. Knock yourself out.
I know some try to back folks off the plate. But there is no question that some do it maliciously. And just the intent to actually hit, or not caring about the effect, is malicious, whether successful or not. Though intentions are often ambiguous.
He was intending to come inside and maybe even hit Bonds, but there was clearly no intent to injure.
Not sure how much I buy this, or if it’s even possible, but I heard this in passing on Monday.
Apparently, the San Francisco Giants are so pissed at Melky Cabrera that he will not be given a World Series ring.
Yeah, he juiced. But if you don’t give him the ring, technically you could go after all the World Series rings won by PED users over the years.
I think they should give him the ring. Just cut off all ties with him if you want to be a jerk about it. Don’t invite him back to the stadium when they have those nights honoring the title. Don’t invite him to events…that sort of thing.
His suspension wasn’t a detriment, it was a favor.
But you could also say the Giants wouldn’t have been in 1st place without him in the 1st half of the season.
Melky Cabrera sucks ass..he’s a fourth OF who got cut by two teams, then juiced his way to a 200 hit season and a ring and is now cashing checks he otherwise would’ve only seen in a wet dream.
The Giants doing so well in the 2nd half is largely credited to Buster Posey. I understand that.
But steroids or not, Melky was a big part of the team’s offense until he was suspended. If the Giants had Pence instead of Cabrera for the entire year, the Giants might have wound up missing the playoffs entirely.
I’m not saying we have to like Melky. Just give him his ring and let him play out his days in obscurity in Canada.
David Price says he probably won’t ever play for the Yankees because of their no facial hair policy. He thinks it’s stupid. Frankly, so do I.
Hart built some of the best offenses ever seen in the game.
Price could win this year in Tampa. No doubt.
Maybe I’m wrong, but I really don’t think a few moustaches and beards are going to destroy the Yankees empire and brand.
I will be at the ballpark on Saturday at 10:30 for a 1PM game.
Would Tony Conigliaro have been a HOFer if he didn’t get hurt? Impossible to say, but his numbers were on the right track.
“We’re supposed to get snow on Saturday, Chuck.’
People make too big a connection between strikeouts and getting on base, slugging. Intuitively I can understand why. However we have loads of historical data that shows that strikeouts have very little connection to how often a team gets on base, how well it slugs and, in turn, how good a team is at scoring runs.
We should be much more concerned with how often or how many times a team grounds out. That’s an indication of weak contact and when a team that grounds out a lot gets a runner on base, there is a much better chance for double plays.
It’s not wise to build a team at the major league level being obsessed with how often major league hitters strikeout. That should be way down on the list and way behind things like how well a hitter gets on base and slugs and runs the bases.
“Top 10 scoring teams over the last 25 years and where they ranked in their leagues in strikeouts”
True, but they are a detriment to winning a WS so with that in mind see the problem?
“But we are discussing whether strikeouts or strikeout rate matter to scoring runs at the major league level, not anything about strikeout-to-walk ratio.”
Actually that’s what YOU are talking about because you can’t win the actual argument that was brought up by me here and continued at your site.
Before I get to reading the most recent posts…
And for the record…I called it.
The Giants struck out 41 times and the Tigers struck out 36 times in last year’s World Series.
The Giants struck out 51 times and the Cardinals struck out 49 times in last year’s NLCS.
So the Giants struck out 131 time to their opponents’ 128 in last year’s postseason.
“Oh, I’m pointing that out because I’m a Giants homer, right?”
I’m biting my tongue so hard it’s bleeding.
Also, how do you explain other teams that have won the World Series and struck out more often and at a higher rate than every other team in their leagues? The ‘27 Yankees and ‘04 Red Sox come to mind. To claim that high-strikeout teams don’t reach or win the World Series is disingenuous.
The post-season is a small sample size. And you are going to read into a 3-k difference? 131-128? Well, you did.
Not a big difference, right? The ‘27 Yankees had 1644 hits, the ‘12 Giants 1495, a difference of 149, or almost one per game.
The ‘27 Yankees walked 642 times, the ‘12 Giants 483 times, a difference of 159, or one per game.
The Yankees scored 976 runs, the Giants 718, a difference of 258.
A fact we established here four years ago.
Babe Ruth led the league with 89.
In 2013, he would have been 71st.
The Red Sox did the same in in 2004.
This discussion seems like a big ol’ cherry picking festival.
For the record, Atlanta was 7th in the NL in scoring last year, and 17th overall.
Strikeouts don’t matter…as long as you hit for power when you make contact.
“Strikeouts don’t matter…as long as you hit for power when you make contact.”
My point is that it’s a mistake to conclude they will be a bad or mediocre offense because they have a lot of high strikeout hitters. The only things that matter to offense are on-base, slugging and, to a lesser degree, baserunning. How often a team makes a particular type of out just doesn’t tell us much of anything about how goo they are offensively.
“My point is simple: Some fans and some in the media are making too much of the Braves likely propensity to strikeout a lot in 2013.”
It’s still a bit on the chilly side, so the veteran guys will be going through the motions for the first few games, especially those playing next weekend in the WBC. I don’t expect to see Ryan Braun get more than an AB per game, nor do I expect to see Yovanni Gallardo do anything more strenous than signing autographs.
There are still things to watch though..teams have jobs up for grabs (Brewers=first base) and everyone needs bullpen arms, so while most guys will jake it for the first week, some others will be busting their nuts from the first pitch. And with the WBC guys gone, someone has to play, so they’ll be looking to impress the manager and GM against ML competition, even if they have little chance of breaking camp.
If Green ends up playing a lot at first they’ll need a backup for Ramirez, but, again, they have enough depth.
Ten bucks says the Braves don’t win 85 and are eliminated before Labor Day.
“The only things that matter to offense are on-base,”
Lowrie’s the backup everywhere and that’s a good call, he’s like Craig Counsell..not good enough to play everyday but a very dependable guy when you need him.
I don’t like Oakland’s pitching staff, too many marshmallow throwers, they don’t miss enough bats. Not sure if there’s a rotation spot open at this point, but if I’m Beane I’ve got one eye on the field and one on the trade/waiver market.
Thanks Raul..should have made this an article, but too late now.
This is not necessarily true at the major league level. Again, see a team like 2004 Red Sox, who led the league in strikeouts, scoring, OBP, SLG.
Put your $29.99 for your Baseball Reference Play Index subscription to good use and go check and see just how few times that’s happened.
“Find a way to factor in injuries and I’ll take that bet.”
Translation: You’re not confident at all.
You can’t just point to the 2004 Red Sox as the justification for your arguments. You need a little more than 1 team. I know what you’re saying, but as a Yankees fan, I have a bunch of qualms with that Sox team to begin with. Chuck may disagree, but Joe Torre blew that damn ALCS. Boston shouldn’t have even been in the World Series, much less won it.
Chuck, any time a team has a good OBP and SLG, they are going to score runs, regardless of how many time they strike out. That’s my point. Offense is about getting on base and slugging and baserunning. If you do all those things well, it doesn’t matter if you strike out a ton.
Raul, a lot of the highest-scoring teams in the history of baseball finished near the top of their league in strikeouts. It’s not just one team.
400 years ago, that same guy said the world was flat.
Not made up per se, but gathered by people who have no idea what the they’re doing.
Baseball’s been played for well over 100 years, something happening once in awhile in a ten year span is coincidence, it’s not something you mortgage your house on. At least not if you have any common sense.
What is it about Lars Anderson that people don’t like?
Raul, I think the author glossed over it because that wasn’t what the article was about. It was about people freaking out because the Braves’ hitters are probably going to strikeout a lot.
Lefty33, I’ve shown that the data shows no relationship between team strikeout rate and team run scoring. Where’s your data that shows that there is? I’m waiting on it. I’ll be happy to change my views if you can bring that data.
No, Chuck. I’m more comfortable with my own biases, own preferences, own assumptions, even if they are contrary to what data overwhelmingly suggests. Clearly that’s the way to live.
“Where’s your data that shows that there is? I’m waiting on it. I’ll be happy to change my views if you can bring that data.”
I’ll be happy to change my views if you can bring that hard data/argument except that I already know you can’t because you’re an intellectual wuss that likes to make big statements but when proven wrong never has the balls to either fight back or admit to being wrong in the first place.
So we’ve got an almost unbroken run of a quarter century of teams playing in the WS with below and way below league average strikeout numbers, yet you continue to say that’s irrelevant.
How is that based on what has happened?
How is that not based on you following your own flawed ideology while you check logic and what actually happened at the door?
“You’re probably better off doing the same or else you are going to be in a bunker somewhere with a tinfoil hat, surrounded by canned goods.”
But hey I guess we all have our limitations.
High strikeout teams do sometimes appear in and win the World Series. If strikeouts were as big a deal as you seem to think, no team that strikes out a lot would ever win the World Series. But they have.
I’m simply relying on the data and the accounting of events that shows that there is not correlation between strikeout rate and run scoring.
My only ideology is getting as close to the truth as possible. I don’t think you get there by being arrogant enough to think you’re own views and biases and preferences are better than what the data reveals.
“Strikeout rate has no relationship to scoring runs. That’s a fact.”
It happens once in awhile, so by that standard, you’re right.
The odds of success with that type of approach are so, so high.
Some would see a trend, theme or maybe even a blueprint for success but I already know that you see it as an “anomaly” or some sort of babipian “luck”.
Keep on digging and throwing up smokescreens to try and deflect your lack of an argument but strikeouts are the most useless out that can be made and the team the avoids them puts themselves in a better place to win versus teams that swing from the heels like a bunch of hillbilly cavemen.
Look at the graph in the Capitol Avenue Club piece. The dots are all over the place. That means there is no relationship to speak of between strikeout rates and runs scored. Sometimes high-scoring teams strikeout a lot, sometimes they don’t. There is just no relationship there.
He should be a league average player if he went on the field and just stood there.
Either way, enjoy working at Home Depot, Lars.
But there weren’t 30 teams until 1998.
You want to try another way to refute the data that doesn’t jive with your biases?
“There is no pattern as to what type of teams appear in the WS, certainly not offensively.”
If the data strongly suggests something that doesn’t jive with your views, perhaps you consider at least be open to your views being wrong. Trying your best to lie about whether the data is actually an honest and correct account of what happened when there is no reason to makes you look desperate and arrogant and wanting to cling to wrongly-held views on a subject.
You don’t freak out when 25 year old Alex Rodriguez strikes out 135 times because he’s hitting .318/.399/.622 with 52 bombs and 18 steals and he’s playing GG quality defense.
Nevermind. I can’t even talk about it. I’m getting too angry.
“on the graph..each dot represents one team, right?”
What does this have to do with the graph in the Capitol Avenue Club piece?
Of course no hitter should go to the plate thinking, “I’m just going to swing, strikeouts be damned.” But he should think, “I’m going to wait on a pitch that I can really barrel up and lay off pitches that will just lead me to ground out or pop out weakly.”
“What really annoys me is when people who don’t know a goddamn thing about hitting try to tell me that a player would be WORSE by striking out LESS.”
However, Lefty has pointed out that teams that strike out less have won most of the World Series in the past 20 years or so.
Or maybe it’s a sample size of 20, which is quite a bit less than 711.
“Of course no hitter should go to the plate thinking, “I’m just going to swing, strikeouts be damned.”
Yet that’s exactly what more and more of the league does every year.
“Yet that’s exactly what more and more of the league does every year.”
Fuck you too, John, stay out of it.
I’m not betting on anything, except for the Pirates owner (is it Coonelly?) saying that Pittsburgh should compete for a title this year.
Lefty33, Yes, I’m sure guys who work all their lives to reach the majors go to the plate completely careless as to whether they make an out of any kind.
In your case, the really bad trade of a starting pitcher for a 7th inning reliever.
For you to use facts? And not just made-up bullshit.
Frankly, I don’t see your correlation. But that is just me.
More and more guys are following into the wanna-be Sports Center highlight reel approach to hitting as opposed to doing what is best for their team. No need to learn to properly bunt or hit the ball to the right side to move runners along when you can swing from your heels to be Superman and attempt to pad your stats for your next contract.
“Strikeouts have gone up pretty much every year historically for a variety of reasons that I spelled out in my piece. It has nothing to do with carelessness of hitters.”
Hmmm, ever strike you that maybe you’re the one who’s full of shit?
No one had mentioned the word scouting until now.
Braut, outstanding research, to say the least. Which I will, since it’s Friday!!! See you guys tomorrow. Unless I start my article/research in earnest
If you are just going through specific examples, those are anecdotes, not something that can show you whether there is or isn’t correlation.
I’m so sick of this particular argument. It’s just picking two players to suit an argument. Watch this:
It’s using ALL OF THE DATA AVAILABLE to determine a conclusion.
That’s what should happen John, but you and I both know that’s not how it’s done.
I stopped counting at 70 those teams who struck out less than 15% and averaged more than five runs.
Conversely, have you watched Mark Reynolds hit in batting practice? He literally hits the ball farther than any player I have watched with the possible exceptions of Kevin Mitchell and Bo Jackson. What do you think Reynold’s career would look like if he struck out half of what he currently does? It is scary to think of THAT GUY, not so much the one we are stuck with.
I have a hard time believing a player could ever become worse at hitting by cutting down his strikeouts.
Building your team around not-striking-out is a great way to lose 95 games every year.
So, post #251 is gonna get ignored?
I’m just curious what the rebuttal to that is.
Shaun, I have defended you in your absence re: folks having been mean to you. And all here should be free to join the debate. But here-as you did at the end of your last sojourn here-you have become provocative when others had started out being restrained & welcoming. It is true that there was no SM vs. traditionalists argument, & that some take a side in one matter does not prove that they are only ever in one tribe.
“If strikeouts were as big a deal as you seem to think, no team that strikes out a lot would ever win the World Series. But they have”.
That statement is clearly wrong. Ks could be a big deal or not, but what happens occasionally proves nothing. Especially with many variables.
He stops by two or three times a year blowing his sabermetric horn then runs back to his mommy.
Shaun will never go on a cruise around the world because he’s afraid of falling off.
Chuck, do you know how to read graphs? It clearly shows that there’s zero correlation.
I don’t know what’s happened to you lately, maybe it’s the fear of being locked underwater for six months, but you’ve really turned into a real fucktard.
Roughly 15% of those teams who averaged more than 4.5 runs a game struck out less than 15% of the time.
@262, there are what – 15 points above 20%? Maybe 20? That’s a ridiculously small sample size to draw a conclusion from.
Lol @262 – well played. I don’t even want to know where that nickname came from.
If you’re numbers are telling you strikeouts don’t hurt offensive outcomes, then you are asking the wrong question.
So we’re sitting in the press box today freezing our fucking nuts off watching BP. We saw 90 minutes of Brewers BP and only saw two balls go out, and we’re figuring between the small breeze and 60 degree temps no one would get one out during the game.
Did you even bother to read the thread?
Knowing you from past history the answer is no, but figured I’d ask anyway.
Mantle regretted striking out so much, though we has one of the greats anyway. I do not know if even he has a sense if he would have had the same matchless power with less Ks. Someone like him has a great BA on non-Ks (BBIP)-& very good even with them-especially given the era.
“The Giants struck out 1097 times, the Yankees 611, a difference of 486 times.There is only one reason for the Yankees having the better offense.”
No-brainer Hall of Famer without considering the post season.
Mike, did you see the article(s) where Schilling admitted to taking Toradal? He came out and said it a day after Papelbon said it. I would link the article, but I think if you google it, it will get in your long-term memory faster.
It seems likely to be put internal organs in danger though. Cannot fault guys like him & Koufax for trainers giving it to them to perform. Though that does not mean this particular substance should have been provided.
OK, fine, not the only reason. Primary, probably, but there are certainly others.
No, strikeouts were not even in the top 100 differences between the 1927 Yankees and the 2012 Giants. Holy crap.
Um, having two players combine for more home runs than the 2012 Giants probably accounted for a big chunk of it. That and drawing about 200 more walks and 60 more triples.
But yeah, I’m sure if the Giants had just focused on hacking early in the count and not striking out, they would have scored 1000 runs. Sure. Absolutely.
We can play straw games all day, or look at all the data for the last 25 years, and what we’ll find is that strikeouts tell you less than nothing about how good a team is.
“It’s lazy, it’s been proven wrong time and time again, constantly”
“Honestly, the middle names of the ballplayers, their siblings, and their pets were probably more meaningful than the number of strikeouts”
Because I understand regression analysis and you don’t.
“Because I understand regression analysis and you don’t.”
“This is a baseball conversation dumbass, and you clearly don’t understand that.”
We can agree that strikeouts aren’t as much of a problem provided the batter hits for power.
112 players struck out 100 times or more.
46 of those players OPSed .800 or more.
Chuck thinks the Braves will win less than 85 games and not make the playoffs based on how often they’ll strikeout.
And frankly, these four options are all about equally likely.
But by-in-large that’s not the argument.
Yes, teams can store a lot of runs when they K a lot.
And they usually are playing golf in mid-October instead of baseball because of it.
The team this year has in essence no leadoff hitter and they are built about as one dimensional as you can be built from top to bottom with almost every hitter in the lineup, aside of McCann, being a swing from the heels K machine.
Cliff Lee is baffled that the Rangers tried to trade Michael Young for the last few years because Young was the heart and soul of the team.
Well, he was also an overpaid, aging player with declining skills with better players on the roster.
What’s he going to say? Certainly not the truth.
Austin Wilson will be sidelined 6-8 weeks with a stress reaction at the top of his elbow.
The speed is there. The fielding instincts are there. He even demonstrated some pop last year. And, personally, I think his heart is there.
…also, you asked Chuck. I’m also curious as to what he’s seen.
I’m confused, was Cliff Lee trying to make a point, because that comment applies almost as much to him as it does to Young.
Yes, John, that’s not a misprint.
Last year, there were six players who hit at least 15 homers and stole at least 30 bases.
Carlos Gomez was one of them. He also had the fewest PA’s.
Now that Nyjer’s gone and Gomez will be the everyday CF and leadoff hitter, I think he’s going to have a big season..All-Star caliber.
I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s in the 25 homer range and close to 50 steals.
“I’m confused, was Cliff Lee trying to make a point, because that comment applies almost as much to him as it does to Young.”
From May 20th until June 29th Lee had an ERA of 5.68 and opposing batters hit over .300 off of him. During that almost six week stretch, which made up over 25% of his starts in ‘12, he was awful and run support was irrelevant as he put the Phillies back on their heels in start after start.
When he was on he was one of top handful of pitchers in the NL.
He had plenty of fault into why he went 6-9 last year.
Not great like the year before, but the War of 4.2 rather than stellar ’11’s 8.3 seems justified. He deserved a much better record than 6-9, in W-L & decisions.
Ah, he was off for almost 1/2 of the 1st half. I just said that his year was definitely good overall, 127 ERA +, & he easily deserved better than a 6-9 record. In fact, if his suckitude was so concentrated, maybe you would expect a better than normal for his pitching stats W-L record, ’cause he was blown out a lot.
So, are you saying wins and losses matter?
Shouldn’t he be giving up like 2.5 runs per game anyway?
“So, are you saying wins and losses matter?”
I’m pretty clearly saying they don’t, as a measuring tool for pitchers. Exhibit 1 would be one of the top 5 or so pitchers in the league going 6-9 despite pitching excellently.
“So…why wouldn’t that be enough for a 25 million dollar per year pitcher?
“Well, that’s up to the Phillies to decide, really…but compare his 2012 season with his 2010 season, the one he had right before he signed that contract. Aside from W/L, they’re virtually indistinguishable”
But sure, if you want to say that’s “indistinguishable” John we can play that game just for you.
He is 32 and will be 33 in July.
Including 2013, has five more years on his contract.
It’s almost a guarantee that he’ll be injured at some point but let’s assume he plays out the contract.
“Why don’t you just stand your ground?”
Announcing it is like all those people who make statuses about how they are going to close their Facebook accounts.
Talk about a cry for help and sympathy…
To weigh 400 pounds a year after he’s retired? OK, sure.
The only reason this site bothers you is because everyone here is smarter than you.
People who get booted from legitimate sites end up at Bleacher Report, not the other way around.
In case anyone wants to go back and read the comment thread on Shaun’s article, Lefty handed Shaun his lunch and basically made him quit his own site.
That is the ultimate smack-down.
He’s a number three pitching in the number one spot.
He went to his doctor the other day to get his medical clearance for the race and according to his BMI rating of 25.1, he is overweight.
The guy said he was an athlete his whole life and played baseball and ran track at a Division III school in Texas, then moved to Minnesota for a job, got married and got fat because eating is the national sport of cold weather.
Totally, and completely worthless.
If I didn’t know better, I would have thought I’ve just been called a nazi.
Which, isn’t saying much. A number 3 in in the #1 spot is a good way to think about it.
The Tigers are paying Prince Fielder 24 million a year. And they’ve got a long way to go.
Anibal Sanchez is going to be making 16-17 million starting next year.
At around 150 million today, the future Tigers will approach something like 180 million a year. That’s a lot of money for Detroit — a city that is falling apart everywhere you look. I don’t know how they manage it.
What is realistic for him in 2013?
What else is interesting to me…
But everyone (except Lefty) was reserved & kind to Shawn while he was here this time. He did not return the favor. No need for him to take pot shots that way.
But I doubt Mussina makes it on the first try.
I have no idea what he will get. Shot in the dark: 60%
I’ll give your kidneys a few seconds to stop hurting from laughter.
I thought Law wasn’t a big fan of Montero?
I guess it’s easier to write stupid shit on a site no one reads.
You had to look really hard to find some outrageously bad writing, nowadays all you have to do is turn on the computer.
What I am referring to is the Beyond the Boxscore or the Bleacher Report, sites that will give anyone a user name and free reign to publish whatever bullshit nonsense they want without fear or care of ramifications.
I can’t fathom what has to be in someone’s mind to write something like that, or what the expectations are from it.
Talk to “Felber” directly Raul. You are wrong I do not know what Moose looks like, why would you even float that foolish insult? And instead of actually saying why you believe he is better than Schilling…That does not seem very…confident in your argument nor polite.
I can say that the moon is obviously made of cheese, & you know, folks who are either credulous or do not know better might believe me. Now obviously which of the 2 is better is not so definite & is a matter of opinion, but any premises asserted without evidence carry no persuasive wight nor substance.
You’re still wrong about Moose.
I think a lot of saber guys think they could be the GM of a baseball team.
From a stat perspective there’s not really that much more now than 50 years ago, but the ability to do more with it is where the differences in analysis lies.
The game is still built around scouting and player development, there isn’t one player in the history of professional baseball who was discovered by WAR.
But the smart teams are the ones who “discovered” free agents with analysis and not “oh hey, let’s give Juan fucking Pierre a billion dollars.”
You want to see Rios because he’s just a great all-around player…at least from a tools perspective.
You probably want to see Konerko because he’ll be standing by the dugout, shootin the sh*t.
Indeed, Connie Mack didn’t win with a lot of teams. He actually has a career losing record.
I hope I’m wrong…but I doubt it.
Hunter Morris is also 0 for spring training. I don’t remember a ball out of the infield and he has like 6 K’s in a dozen or so PA’s.
These are the exact game day press releases that are available in the press box each game.
So, Lefty, when you see something like that, does it give you flashbacks?
And now it appears The A-Rod Family Foundation has only donated 1% of their proceeds to charity.
Elvis Andrus was scratched due to a sore left arm. It was caused by a new tattoo. If he wanted a tattoo, why didn’t he get one in the off-season. Jurickson Profar, come on down.
There you go, cockface Loria. You just got 2 years of your team’s salary paid for 1 player.
But he’s 30. It would be a little insane to offer him an 8-year deal.
er, that’s over the last three years.
@415, of course, because fielding doesn’t matter in baseball.
The difference is that at least now they’re giving them short deals where as George would have locked them up until they were fifty.
I wonder what amount of money the Yankees, their ownership, and fans place on the 2009 World Chamionship.
I don’t know the answers to those questions, but I’m pretty sure 2009 doesn’t happen without both those guys.
What did you mean in post #416?
The National League is screwed.
So why exactly is his 78.1 WAR not roughly commensurate with his real value? WHo else has an appreciably worse WAR who is better or even at least as good?
Why would anyone listen to your opinion on who was better?
They don’t understand baseball well enough to apply their “advanced” stats correctly.
“Nobody has shown I do not know the game well enough to apply advanced stats,”
Just because someone disagrees with you does not mean they know little about baseball or the question at hand. Insisting that ALL who like advanced metrics, or disagree with you about which guys are not HOFers, is Cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs.
To use the technical term. It is very basic that you can believe different things from higher or lower levels of knowledge & moral evolution. Saying anyone who feels different than you about SM or how good a player is…
That is not an evolved & wise position, & this is structurally so, even if you are RIGHT about some individual cases.
Your comments weren’t the only one deleted, I deleted some of my own as well.
I know you did. None necessary or + to remove. If I was commenting on current matters you would complain I do not know enough-when I remain silent on just some baseball topics you attack me for that. In some ways you have become better.
That’s not why, and you know it, and the comments being deleted reflect that.

You could easily count the many times she had visited him by the blades of grass collected within it. Every Sunday for the last two years, she would kneel at his graveside and ask him to come home with her, just like the little blades of grass. She would carry those tiny symbols of love in her hand until she placed them in the book.
This time, she sat and opened the book up, unclasped her hand and the blade of grass wasn't there. Panicking, she stood up and brushed at her clothing, desperately hoping that it would fall to the floor within her sight, but she saw nothing.
Tears quickly formed in her eyes as she cried his name, "James, James please help me find it!"
She looked frantically for that little blade of grass. She rushed to the bedroom and whipped the pink chenille bedspread onto the floor. She climbed on the bed and began removing her clothes like a mad woman. She shook her blouse and watched the white sheet for one tiny little green stripe to appear.
She shook her skirt, her long brown hair and then her underclothes as she removed them. She saw nothing at all and fell on to the cold sheet, naked, broken hearted and sobbing. She closed her eyes and begged for a few moments, even a kiss on the cheek would have let her know that James still looked down on her from heaven above.
Soon Stacey sat up on the bed and thought out loud, "You really have to quit this foolishness; he is gone, never coming back, ever!"
Still hurting, she grabbed at her green robe from the bedpost and went to run herself a warm bath. She turned on the taps and poured in half a bottle of liquid soap.
The flowery scent of the soap seemed to calm her as she tied up her hair.
Sitting on the edge of the bath with her feet in the water, she dropped the robe from over her shoulders and eased herself slowly into the bubbles.
He would individually name the intimate parts of her body, describing them to her with words like soft, perfect, beautiful and delicious. Stacey wanted James back so badly. She looked down at her soapy knees and remembered the feel of his body brushing against her inner thighs.
Her last tremor was more like a quake. She felt the juices flow from within her as she now collapsed into a satisfaction she hadn't felt in such a long, long time.
Stacey lay there contented now, just soaking and relaxing in the water. She only thought of James. She knew he had just visited her. She held her left hand up and wiped the soap away from off her cheek. Looking down at her wedding ring, she caught glimpse of a little green tip sticking out from underneath the gold.
She gently twisted the ring forward on her finger revealing the full splendour of that single blade of grass. She smiled and said, "I love you so much James, and I know I will meet you again soon enough."
I guess they just couldn’t realise, there are many manifestations of that wonderful world of undying love.

There will be the first EVENT for 2nd CBT ! If you have any interest just join !
The first challenge to make web game for E-sports!
But all valid games must be at least 10.
1,000 silver is equivalent to 1 gold.
In other words, you can play with your true friends on one same side. You can gather 10 friends Including you. But, you may fail without teamwork. If you have victory with your friends, all friends get bonus. So it is Win-Win! The user that registered for first CBT can practice from now. But, the status of ranking will be deleted when 2nd cbt starts.
* If you have true friends, just link this. Then you get advantage.

You know, those assortments of expertly edited clips looking back at who died in the past year, or the ones that sum up each best picture nominee in just a couple of minutes.
Workman used plenty of raisins and plenty of nuts in his montage of the movie Babel when it was nominated for best picture back in 2007. Workman boiled the 143-minute movie down to just two minutes, which he packed with about 50 scenes.
"You're looking for a flow," he says. "What is pushing this thing forward? What is making it happen?"
"In the film community, everyone knows Chuck Workman," Provost says. "As an editor he's kind of a god."
In fact, one of Provost's favorite movies is Precious Images, for which Workman won a 1987 Oscar. It's a short movie that manages to encompass the history of Hollywood film just by using montage.
"They'd rather have Ellen DeGeneres taking a selfie," he says, with just a bit of a grumble. "What does that have to do with movies?"
Workman has not produced any montages for the Oscars since 2010. It was fun, he says, but he does not miss it. Most recently, he celebrated Hollywood history by directing a 2014 documentary called Magician: The Astonishing Life and Work of Orson Welles.
Getting ready for the Lunar New Year once meant buying a new set of clothes for many families of Korean ancestry.
For centuries, the costume known as hanbok – a two-piece outfit traditionally made of embroidered cotton or silk worn by men and women – has played a central role in the new year's wardrobe.
"Family members would get together in a new set of hanbok and bow to each other in a traditional way, wishing good health and fortune," explains Minjee Kim, a costume historian who has studied hanbok, a style of dress modeled from 17th- and 18th-century daily attire worn during the Joseon Dynasty.
But this Lunar New Year tradition is waning.
While hanbok dresses are still in high demand during wedding season, these days a bride's hanbok dress might be the only one she ever buys. "Young couples today in Korea are not having as many children, so when they all get together for traditional holidays, those gatherings are very small," Kim says. "They don't try to keep their traditions strictly by wearing hanbok."
Kim adds that the cost of the custom-made outfits, which can run as high as several thousand dollars, has forced many families to scale back from making annual hanbok purchases.
Owner Youjung Jung, 57, opened the store six years ago after emigrating from South Korea. She says she's disappointed that fewer people are keeping the hanbok tradition in her home country and the U.S. Designing and making the outfits have been part of the family business for Jung as far back as her grandmother's generation. But her adult children, she says, have no plans to continue the business.
"It's a problem," she says with her eyes downcast.
Jinhee Kim, who lives in Queens, stopped by to buy a hanbok for the Lunar New Year after picking up her seven-year-old daughter from Korean-language school.
"I want my daughter to follow the Korean tradition. I'm just here for her," Kim says.
Lisa Anderson, who is Korean-American and also lives in Queens, says she is not getting a hanbok of her own for the new year, but she is getting her wardrobe ready for her son's doljanchi, or first birthday celebration.
"I wish that my mother-in-law was still alive, and I wish that my wife had brothers and sisters. But she doesn't. She's an only child. So I think that if we don't maintain it, then it can very well be lost," he says.
Well, host Neil Patrick Harris, our Official Host Of Lots Of Things, for one. He's done the Emmys and the Tonys and probably spends his Sunday nights hosting impromptu awards ceremonies for his family, but this year, he's getting the big stage for the first time.
Meanwhile, we'll be on Twitter, like much of the rest of the world, using the hashtag #NPROscars.
Late last year, a Spanish judge prohibited Uber from operating in Spain, after protests by taxi drivers. Days later, the company announced it was closing down operations here.
But less than two months later, it's reinvented itself as UberEATS, converting its network of drivers into food deliverymen.
Customers in Spain can log onto the same Uber smartphone app which they used to request rides (though they may need to update the app; Spanish telecom operators were ordered to block the original app after a judge's ruling in December). A new option labeled UberEATS allows users to order food from participating restaurants. The service is part of a partnership with the Spanish foodie website Plateselector.
Uber debuted this new service in Barcelona last night, promising food delivery in 10 minutes or less. The company already provides a similar service in Los Angeles and Beverly Hills, called UberFRESH.
Most dishes cost around $11, with about a $3 delivery fee. Just like with the ride-share service, customers with GPS-enabled smartphones can watch a little taxi icon getting closer, delivering their meal.
In addition to Spain, Uber faces ride-share bans in South Korea, Thailand, India and France. It also faces stiff resistance from taxi drivers and unions in Germany, Belgium and elsewhere. In India, Uber was criticized as unsafe after allegations that a woman was raped by her Uber driver. And in Sydney, Australia, the company came under fire for jacking up prices during a hostage crisis.
Nevertheless, the five-year-old San Francisco-based company has expanded to more than 50 countries. Uber is privately-held, but has been valued by investors at more than $40 billion.
Harris Wittels died Thursday. He was a stand-up comic, a television writer/producer, a musician, a frequent and dependably hilarious guest on comedy podcasts, and an author who unleashed the concept of the #humblebrag upon the cultural landscape.
When anyone dies, our sadness is tinged with something darker and more selfish; we resent the time we'll never get to spend with that person, the days and months and years that will pile up without their presence.
When a comedian dies, particularly one so young, we feel that resentment more keenly, because laughter is a limited resource - one of a very few things with the power to make those days and months and years pass more easily.
On Twitter, you can read some of his fellow comics weighing in on his stand-up and his music (with the band Don't Stop or We'll Die, formed with Paul Rust and Michael Cassady) while his fellow Parks and Recreation writers laud his singular contributions to that show. (By the way: You know Harris, Pawnee's Animal Control guy? That was him.)
But you and me, let's talk podcasts.
I've used the word "affection" twice in the last two paragraphs, because that's the word that came through most clearly in every Wittels appearance: the guy was loved. You can hear it.
Here's a thing about podcasts – their loose, rangy, long-form format breeds a distinctive strain of intimacy. You're listening to a conversation between two or more people, with all the digressions and hoary jokes their shared history engenders, and if feels familiar, comfortable, warm.
It's a conversation that clocks in at an hour and forty minutes. It would never fit into the programmatic confines of radio or television; it flows, it doubles back, it halts, it lurches forward. It's a weird gift, is what it is.
Wittels is gone, and that's sad. Infuriatingly so. There's that familiar resentment – he was only 30 years old, which means we won't get decades and decades of his comedy.
So while mourning his absence, maybe spend some time today, and in the days and months and years to come, enjoying his digital presence.
"We continue to cooperate with and voluntarily respond to the information requests from the Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney's Office," Humana wrote.
The privately run Medicare Advantage plans offer seniors an alternative to standard Medicare, which pays doctors for each service they render. By contrast, under Medicare Advantage, the health plans are paid a set fee monthly for each patient based on a complex formula known as a risk score. Essentially, the government pays higher rates for sicker patients and less for those in good health.
But overcharges related to inflated risk scores, intentional or not, have cost taxpayers billions of dollars in recent years, as the Center for Public Integrity reported in a series published last year.
But Humana's financial disclosure offers fresh details into the wide scope of the Justice review, indicating it is taking aim at a range of common Medicare Advantage billing practices and fraud controls, as well as Humana's use of home health assessments of patients in its plans. The industry argues these "house calls" improve the health of elderly patients, but federal officials have been concerned that the primary objective is to raise risk scores and revenues.
The government probe comes at an inopportune time for the burgeoning Medicare Advantage industry, which is mounting an intense lobbying and advocacy effort to stave off proposed government funding cuts.
What will happen to the rates is not yet clear. But the Obama administration's 2016 budget seeks to cut some $36 billion from Medicare Advantage plans over the next decade related to oversized risk scores.
Allegations that some Medicare Advantage plans manipulate risk scores, a process known in the industry as "upcoding," have been surfacing over the past year in the federal courts.
Humana has been a major promoter of these home assessments. In an email to the Center today, Noland wrote: "We believe in continuing to do in-home assessments as we see this as an important step in establishing care management plans for our members living with multiple chronic conditions."
Noland declined to say how many of the home assessments Humana has performed. But the company has previously said that it conducted the assessments for about 531,000 members in the first three months of 2014.
A member of Canada's House of Commons has earned laughs and toasts from his colleagues, after he blamed his absence during a vote on tight underwear that makes him uncomfortable.
MP Pat Martin of Winnipeg Centre gave the explanation to foil an attempt to have his vote thrown out because, contrary to parliamentary rules, he had left his seat during the voting process.
"I can blame it on a sale that was down at the Hudson's Bay [store]," Martin announced. "They had men's underwear on for half price. I bought a bunch that was clearly too small for me. I find it difficult to sit for any length of time, Mr. Speaker."
Maintaining a deadpan delivery even as howls of laughter began, Martin added, "I apologize if it was necessary for me to leave my seat briefly, but I did not mean to forfeit my right to vote."
The incident touched off a round of jokes on Twitter. Our friends at the CBC have collected some of the best comments.
Recounting the events, Comartin acknowledged that Martin had left his seat and that he had instructed the member to return to his chair.
"I didn't understand the explanation at the time, that he subsequently gave," he added. "Can't say I really understand it at this point."
When Martin spoke to the CBC about the incident later Thursday, he suggested that his story wasn't entirely serious, and that he was trying to quash what he called an "overreaction" by a member of a rival party.
"I believe that his point of order was tongue in cheek and it warranted a cheeky response," Martin said.
While he admitted that a half-off sale is like "catnip to a Winnipegger," the lawmaker also wondered whether "a lot of the grumpiness in the House of Commons might be traced to the fact that MPs are buying one size too small in their knickers."
It's been 10 years since we launched the annual Hollywood Jobs series, in which we explore odd movie jobs — you know, the ones you see in the closing credits. In the last decade, producer Cindy Carpien and I have talked to key grips, animal wranglers, focus pullers, foley artists, shoemakers, slate operators, loopers, food stylists and many more. Today we check back with some folks we've profiled in the past, to ask how their jobs have changed since we last met.
Our first stop is Santa Monica studio of award-winning costume designer Julie Weiss (she did Frida, American Beauty, Blades of Glory). On Sunday you'll see her work in the Oscar musical numbers. Weiss says the major change in her job is the way computers have affected her day. "If I go to an interview I don't take all those sketches," she says, "They're on the screen."
It's nice to have less to schlep, but the technology comes with a price — she says it's harder to show off a fabric on a screen.
As movies have moved out of town Weiss has taken on a wider variety of work; she now does theater, TV, even video games. "I want to be a good storyteller and if it means that that's what it takes to be there — I'm there," she says.
"A film — it should be seen on a screen," she says. "You should be able to witness it at the same proportion or bigger than life. ... I guess maybe it would make the job a little easier — I wouldn't have to worry about if the third button matched — but I don't want to do it that way."
The last time we saw Doug Dresser, he'd taken us to an abandoned hospital morgue. Today we find him in Pacific Palisades, overlooking the ocean. Dresser is a location scout — one of the first folks hired on a film — to hunt down places where the cameras will roll.
"Ten years ago, they used to make movies in Los Angeles," Dresser says. "Right now, you can count on one hand the amount of feature films they're making here."
The travel takes a toll; Dresser has two young children and he wants to watch them grow up. And it isn't just his kids who notice he's gone, he says: "After I came back [shooting] in North Carolina ... my dry cleaner asked me, 'Where have you been? I haven't seen you in a very long time — did you go to another drycleaner?'"
Dresser misses the old feature film days. "There's nothing better" he says, than "being able to start from a blank page and helping craft the look of a movie."
Artisans still had to paint the gun to look antique, but the 3-D printer lets the prop master duplicate the gun easily. "We made two of them," Glenn says. "Because with an action prop, if it breaks ... you lose a day of shooting." The gun isn't on screen for more than a few seconds but each one cost about $20,000.
The 3-D printer can re-work gun parts on quick demand, and Glenn says that's a real change. "Before, we would have had a sculptor, who worked for weeks and weeks," she says.
Casting director Margie Simkin says technology has had a major effect on the way she does her job. A decade ago she had to sift through piles and piles of 8x10 headshots that arrived in the mail every day. By 2008, that mail deluge had begun to subside — again, the influence of computers.
"We put out a call, which you do online, and said we were looking for someone to do a few lines, two days' work, and within hours we got 1,100 submissions," she says.
And that was just actors in Los Angeles. Now, it's global. All over the world, performers hit a button, record themselves, send off the file — and hope. It's efficient but also exhausting for the casting director on the other end.
"I sort of sit there at night, sometimes in bed, and go through thousands of submissions," Simkin says.
In what is being described as an unprecedented occurrence, Australia is getting slammed by two major cyclones at the same time.
"Emergency services scrambled to evacuate thousands of homes before pulling out and warning anyone who had not left to barricade themselves inside," the news agency reported.
According to the BBC, the mayor of Rockhampton says the town is in lockdown.
"Yeppoon was the only populated area that took the brunt of Marcia at its most powerful, with the cyclone weakening to a category three by the time it reached the city of Rockhampton, which nevertheless also suffered widespread wind damage, flash flooding and power outages."
It's said that every writer spends his or her entire life working on a single poem or one story. Figuratively, of course, this means that writers are each possessed by a certain obsession. As such, their entire body of work, in one way or another, is generally an attempt to dimension some part of that obsession, ask questions about it, answer them, and then ask many new questions.
Now it can take up to two weeks to berth the enormous cargo ships, thanks to contract disputes between the shipping lines and the union representing 20,000 dockworkers. About 50 cargo ships are anchored offshore, waiting to be unloaded.
"Ships are just stuck doing nothing, they're just losing money and at the same time schedules are going to pot," says Janet Porter, an editor with Lloyds List, a shipping industry news provider.
"And then about 3 months ago when the slowdown began, and ships became significantly delayed, then we saw another round of diversion to Canadian ports, to Vancouver and Prince Rupert," he says.
Brown says the U.S. East Coast ports are very busy with ships coming in from Asia via the Suez Canal. He says it take a bit longer in terms of sailing distance. Also, freight rates — the cost to ship a container — are now higher on the East Coast because of the demand.
"But in terms of the costs that are being incurred in the delays, that additional freight rate doesn't seem to be the issue, it's more one of trying to get some sort of reliability out of the supply chain," he says.
Timothy Simpson, a communications director with shipping giant, Maersk Line, says shipping companies have to try to take in every variable, such a bad weather or work slowdowns, that could affect the supply chain. He says it can be a guessing game.
"You have to look at what's happening today and how we're going to adjust. you know that's really the best way that we found to manage it," he says.
Still, Simpson says Maersk Line has a team that meets daily to review all those variables that can affect the shipping industry.
After Sept. 11, President George Bush made a speech about America's enemies — Iran, Iraq and North Korea — in which he referred to them as the "Axis of Evil." At first, that name worried Iranian-American comedian Maz Jobrani. But then he decided to do what he always does: laugh about it. He and some friends even started the Axis of Evil Comedy Tour, which featured comedians of Middle-Eastern descent.
On moving from Iran to the U.S. when he was 6 years old, just before Iran's 1979 revolution
On the pressure he faced from his parents to become a lawyer or a doctor
On what his parents came to think of his career
My mother was very wary at first and now she's come around 180 degrees. She's like one of my biggest fans, now. Like, she'll come over to my house and she'll be like, "OK, listen: I need two t-shirts from the comedy show and give me three DVDs. The neighbors are asking for them." ...
Read an excerpt of I'm Not A Terrorist, But I've Played One On TV
Patel had been in the U.S. for a couple of weeks to help with a new grandson in Madison, a suburb of Huntsville in northern Alabama, when he was stopped by two officers responding to a call about suspicious activity.
The police video reveals a language barrier.
"He don't speak a lick of English," an officer says, complaining that Patel was walking away. Patel's arms are then restrained behind his back, and Madison policeman Eric Parker slams Patel to the ground, face down. He was hospitalized earlier this month with a spinal cord injury and is undergoing rehabilitation.
"Please accept our sincere apology to your government, Mr. Patel and the citizens of India who reside and work in our state," he wrote.
Patel's lawyer, Hank Sherrod, says the family is grateful for the Indian government's support, and welcomed the governor's response.
"They really appreciate the governor making such a public apology," he said.
"I don't want to blame that person for making that call. But I do want to say that people have to know their neighbors — get around, meet them, see what they are about, learn their culture," he says. "That's what should come out of this incident."
Now This Is An Example Of Truly Educational Radio
Every day, 17-year-old Kaday goes to school by turning on the radio.
She's one of the million school-age children in Sierra Leone who've had no classroom to go to since July. That's when the government closed all schools to curb the spread of Ebola.
But that doesn't mean the kids have stopped learning. In October, the government launched a radio education program, partnering with UNICEF and several development organizations. Teachers write and record hourlong lessons that are broadcast on 41 government radio stations, as well as the country's only TV channel. Younger children listen in the morning; older ones tune in during the afternoon and evening.
"This is to ensure that children's rights to education is not disrupted even when schools have been closed," says Wongani Grace Taulo, UNICEF's education chief in Sierra Leone. "It's been more than half a year of school closure. The implications can be devastating when children just stay home [and] lose out on their academic gains."
UNICEF's partner organizations visit around 2,000 households of school-age children each week to see how many children are listening. At first, fewer than 20 percent were tuned in. Gradually the numbers picked up. At its peak, more than 70 percent of students were listening. The average rate, Taulo says, is about 50 percent.
The radio lessons could be critical in a country where the decade-long civil war had weakened the education system even before Ebola struck. Fewer than 45 percent of adults are literate, and the secondary school attendance rate among adolescent boys and girls is 40 and 33 percent, respectively. The Ebola outbreak has threatened to reverse any progress Sierra Leone and its neighbors Guinea and Liberia have made in rebuilding its schools.
Angela Kamara, 6 years old, takes a lesson from the radio.
When schools finally reopen in Sierra Leone, Taulo adds, the radio program will be adjusted to serve as a complement — rather than an alternative — to classrooms.
But school by radio isn't a perfect solution.
Radio is by far the most common way Sierra Leoneans get their information, with studies estimating that between 70 and 90 percent of the population tune in daily. But the number of people who actually own a radio is only about 25 percent, the country's education minister told Agence France-Presse.
And that's a "generous estimate," says Chernor Bah, a girl's rights advocate from Sierra Leone. He's been helping make sure the radio program reaches as many underserved children as possible.
"With adolescent girls, there's an even greater challenge," he says. "Girls tend to face the additional burden of providing for their families. So instead of being home listening to the radio, most girls will be outside selling food."
Even if students do listen, says Bah, the radio program doesn't give them a chance to interact with teachers and other students. The government encourages students to send questions via text message, but many of the poorest students can't afford a phone.
That's where organizations like BRAC, one of the world's largest education organizations, have stepped in. With support from the Malala Fund, the nonprofit has bought radios for 1,200 of the most marginalized girls in Sierra Leone. It's also created 40 informal classrooms, where six or seven girls get together with a mentor up to four times a week to discuss the day's lessons, learn about Ebola and discuss personal challenges.
School may not be in session, but there are special clubs for girls to talk about their radio lessons and just have fun hanging out.
"This girl, now 17, is only in grade six because of all this back and forth," Bah recalls. "The [school club] is the place she feels normal again."
Kaday had just taken her sixth-grade exam when schools shut down. All she wants, Bah says, is to go back to class. "You don't forget a girl like that."
The restaurant economy of New York City may be nearing a tipping point.
State officials are recommending a big hike in the minimum hourly wage for people who work for tips. But that idea is giving many restaurateurs indigestion in New York City, home to more than 20,000 restaurants. Some say a tipped wage hike could upend the whole system of tipping.
And many servers say tips are the No. 1 reason why they started waiting tables.
"You need money, OK? Waiting tables has always been a job where you can rapidly start making money," says Steve Dublanica, a former waiter who now writes a blog called Waiter Rant.
After 23 Years, Your Waiter Is Ready For A Raise
The federal tipped minimum wage is $2.13, but New York state's is higher: $5 an hour. The wage board wants to raise that to $7.50 at the end of the year. And as you might expect, restaurants are not happy about this proposal.
"I don't know of any place ever that's increased a minimum wage or a tipped wage by 50 percent," says Melissa Fleischut, president of the New York State Restaurant Association. "I just think it's unheard of."
Actually, the wage hike would be smaller for servers who already earn more than minimum wage if you count their tips. In New York City, many servers make way above minimum wage anyway, but restaurateurs still say this change would mean a serious jump in their labor costs in an industry where margins are thin.
"It's a matter of life and death," says Philippe Massoud, the executive chef of ilili, a Lebanese restaurant in Manhattan.
He says he thinks the hourly increase could have major unintended consequences for the industry.
Other restaurateurs say they're considering getting rid of tipping altogether and just paying waiters by the hour. To do that, the restaurant would have to collect a lot more money from the dining public, probably in the form of a service charge or higher menu prices.
As The Salt has reported, a few restaurants around the country are experimenting with this higher hourly wage, no-tip model. And just this month, New York City's Dirt Candy, an acclaimed vegetarian restaurant, reopened with a no-tip policy: Instead of a service charge, its bills now include a 20 percent mandatory administrative fee that goes toward the salary of all restaurant employees.
"If this happens, we will, in all likelihood, go to a service charge model that's used in Europe," says Jimmy Haber, CEO of ESquared Hospitality, which operates more than a dozen restaurants, including BLT Prime in New York. "We'll pay our front-of-house employees a fixed hourly wage, which means that we're going to have to work them a lot less hours."
There are a handful of restaurants in the U.S. that already pay their servers higher hourly wages and benefits. But mostly, they're at the very high end, including Michelin-starred places like Chez Panisse in Berkeley, Calif., or Per Se in New York. Experts are skeptical that this is going to catch on widely because no restaurant wants to suddenly jack up its prices by 20 percent.
"Customers will look at the menu price, and because it's higher, they'll think you're more expensive," says Michael Lynn, who teaches at Cornell University's School of Hotel Administration.
"If you could somehow work things out, where everyone was equitably compensated and got what they needed to live a human life, and the employers made enough money to stay happy, I'd be all for that," he says. "But I've got news for you: That's not going to happen."
Right now, New York's commissioner of labor is considering the wage board's recommendations. He's expected to decide on them soon.
As the 500-year-old bell tower tolls, about 25 students from the University of Oxford cross a medieval cobblestone street. They duck under a stone archway and slip into a room named after T.S. Eliot, who studied here a century ago.
The students drop their backpacks and get ready for practice. They're here to hone their tongues. This week, an elite team of Oxford's six best tasters will battle the University of Cambridge to see which group has the most refined palate.
In the back of the Oxford practice room, the coach, Hanneke Wilson, is setting things up. She's published a book about wine. She oversees a wine cellar. And right now, she's struggling to uncork a few bottles.
Oxford and Cambridge have academic awards to see which school is smarter, and boat races to determine which is stronger. And for the past half-century, their blind wine tasting societies have held competitions. It's all part of an epic rivalry that dates back to the 13th century.
Now, these tasting teams are hoping to be recognized as an official sport.
Basically, you need to know what grape, from when and from where — the more specific, the better. This means your tongue needs to have a database of wine. Plus, it helps to have a good working knowledge of agricultural practices and winemaking techniques.
"Wine tasting, as you will by now have realized, is very difficult," coach Wilson says.
Early in the morning on their big day, the team will head over to the train station. Ren Lim, a doctoral student in biophysics, has made this trip three times to represent Oxford. He says that on the train there is a scramble to find seats together. Then they pop open a bottle, cover the label and do a quick practice session right there.
Most Of Us Just Can't Taste The Nuances In High-Priced Wines
When people ask him about why he devotes so much time to blind wine tasting, Ren Lim says, "I still struggle to find why."
It is fun and challenging, he admits. And of course, college kids will be college kids.
Coach Wilson says that in more than 20 years of coaching, she's noticed that "Cambridge always makes more noise slurping and spitting than we do. We think they do this to put us off our stride."
But there's one thing both of these teams agree on.
"We treat wine tasting as a sport," Wilson says. "We train for it, the way we train for a competitive sports match."
She says both Oxford and Cambridge have petitioned to become officially recognized as sports teams. After all, it worked for chess. But so far, the powers that be haven't been persuaded.
"They think that sport involves running around and kicking or hitting things. We disagree, but there you are," Wilson says with a sigh.
Still, other universities are catching on. Blind tasting has spread around the U.K., and it's even crossed the pond. Both Harvard and the University of Pennsylvania's business schools have teams, among others. They let spectators watch — and taste for themselves.
Here in Oxford, competitions still happen behind closed doors.
"Cherries on the palate. Of course it's a dry wine," Tarkowski looks down at his notes. "I definitely thought it was Italian." Then, he decides to hazard a guess.
When the sock comes off, Tarkowski has guessed right — full marks. It's been a good practice.
2014 Midterm Election Was The Most Expensive One Yet
As the presidential hopefuls chase after big donors, the Center for Responsive Politics brings us a quick look in the rearview mirror:
The 2014 congressional midterm elections cost $3.77 billion, the center says, making them (no surprise here) the most expensive midterms yet. CRP also reports that those dollars appeared to come from a smaller cadre of donors — 773,582, the center says. That's about 5 percent fewer than in the 2010 midterms.
CRP found that the average contribution swelled from $1,800 in 2010, to slightly more than $8,000 in 2014. That appears to reflect the growth of superPACs, political committees created by the Supreme Court's Citizens United ruling and other court decisions earlier in 2010. SuperPACs disclose their donors but have no contribution limits.
Overall, CRP found that Republican candidates, party committees and outside groups spent $1.77 billion, about $44 million more than Democrats.
This time, they're through. Done. They're walking out the door on Friday.
Unless they aren't. Unless they renew their vows and their union grows ever closer.
That's basically where Greek officials and European finance ministers are in their complicated relationship. After years of possible-breakup drama, a real deadline will arrive Friday and the parties must decide: Are we in this thing together or not?
If Greece tells Europe, in effect: "Fine. Walk away. Russia will love us instead," then Europe — and the United States — may have a whole new set of economic and geopolitical problems to worry about.
There were hints Tuesday that Greece is moving toward saying: "Wait! Let's talk. I know we can work it out." Those positive rumors kept European financial markets calm — for now.
But economists say real stability will come only when the hints and rumors have been turned into a clear proposal.
This fraught relationship has been having its ups and downs for so long, you may have stopped paying attention. To help you catch up, here's a 1-2-3 recap, and a look-ahead to Friday:
1) Greece is a small country with a big problem; for years, it was spending too much. So the government had been borrowing a lot, and finally could not meet its debt obligations when the global recession hit.
2) But Greece is not a stand-alone country, free to default on debt or devalue its currency. It's part of the European Union, and uses the euro. Europeans did not want one of their members to tumble into financial chaos.
3) So in 2012, EU finance ministers helped cobble together a plan to bail out Greek debt in exchange for the country raising taxes while cutting wages, pensions, public investment and social security benefits.
The timing of his election was, shall we say, awkward because on March 1, Greece's credit lines will expire.
Europe's finance ministers met Monday. They had hoped to come up with an extension of the bailout package — with its attached austerity strings.
Negotiations broke down. Afterwards, Greek Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis told reporters: "In the history of the European Union, nothing good has ever come out of ultimatums."
But there's little time left. Friday is the real deadline because national parliaments need time to ratify any deal before the Feb. 28 expiration of the existing bailout.
Speculation had been swirling that Greece might turn to Russia or China for help. That would be a bad outcome from the perspective of U.S. and European officials, who do not want Greece to: grow distant from Europe; pull out of the euro currency union; or default on its debts.
Any of that could shake up financial markets. There's been more than a hint of jitters in the banking sector: Greek banks reportedly have been losing deposits at the rate of 2 billion euros ($2.27 billion) a week.
IHS Global Insight, a forecasting firm, issued an assessment Tuesday morning saying that failure to reach an agreement could cause turmoil in Greece, bringing "a re-emergence of wide-scale protests, riots and labour strikes, which would cause disruption to businesses."
But on Tuesday afternoon, The Wall Street Journal quoted an unnamed source saying Greece will try to escape such turmoil by asking for a temporary credit extension of up to six months. So maybe, once again, there will be no clear resolution, just another agreement to keep living together — for now.
On what happens when there's a public outcry against police
My thoughts go to two places: One is that when cops are attacked, they close ranks. I'm not talking about the blue wall of silence, but I think what happens is "us versus them." I'm talking about incidents which the cops — like [in] Ferguson where an unarmed man was shot, when they get under attack with the media, they just close ranks. It's like buffalo when they see lions out there. ...
The Federal Aviation Administration has released long-awaited draft rules on the operation of pilotless drones, opening the nation's airspace to the commercial possibilities of the burgeoning technology, but not without restrictions.
In short, the proposed rules that have been a decade in the making would limit drones weighing no more than 55 lbs to flying no more than 100 mph at an altitude no higher than 500 feet. The FAA would ban their use at night and near airports. And, they could only be operated by someone with a certification who keeps the vehicle "in line of sight" at all times.
The FAA also will require anyone using Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) for commercial purposes to obtain a special pilot certification to operate them.
"We ... want to capture the potential of unmanned aircraft and we have been working to develop the framework for the safe integration of this technology into our airspace," Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said during a teleconference with journalists about the new proposed rules.
Under the rules, these aircraft could inspect utility towers, antennas, bridges power lines and pipelines in hilly or mountainous terrain," FAA Administrator Michael Huerta said, adding that wildlife conservation, search and rescue, movie making and aerial photographs for real estate purposes were also among the opportunities that could be opened up by the new regulations.
In a statement, the White House called drones "a potentially transformative technology in diverse fields such as agriculture, law enforcement, coastal security, military training, search and rescue, first responder medical support, critical infrastructure inspection, and many others."
The statement says that the proposed rules ensure "that the Federal Government's use of UAS takes into account ... important concerns and in service of them, promotes better accountability and transparent use of this technology."
Even so, the news agency says, "the rule was unlikely to help Amazon.com in its quest to deliver packages with unmanned drones, since its approach requires an FAA-certified small drone pilot to fly the aircraft and keep it line of sight at all times — factors not envisioned in the online retailer's plan."
The draft regulations must still undergo public comment and revision before being officially adopted.
But, Guliani says, it "falls short of fully protecting the privacy of Americans.
"For example, the proposal allows the use of data gathered by domestic drones for any 'authorized purpose,' which is not defined, leaving the door open to inappropriate drone use by federal agencies," she says.
The headquarters of the National Oil Corporation in Tripoli are gleaming, the floors marble, the offices decked out with black leather chairs and fake flowers. It seems far from the fighting going on over oil terminals around the country.
But the man in charge looks at production and knows the future is bleak.
He looks like a typical executive, decked out in a suit and glasses. But beneath his calm veneer, he's worried.
"Now we have two problems: low production and low price," he says.
At the current rate, he expects that the country won't even earn 10 percent of the budget money Libya had in 2012, before militias started taking oil infrastructure hostage.
"If there is security in Libya, we can resume production within a few days," Sanallah says.
The international community has recognized the eastern government, but it opposes what it sees as the east's divisive attempt to set up a rival national oil company and take control of the industry, something Sanallah says is impossible anyway.
International mediators are trying to keep the oil company independent of either side, but oil fields are under attack. One tanker was bombed, and another one was threatened.
Sanallah says he wants to keep oil out of the fight.
His employees are fighting fires at major oil terminals, and with no real security forces, it only takes a few gunmen to shut things down or hold them hostage.
"I think the message was clear to the oil company: There is no security, good security. Otherwise a few people cannot control the vein of the blood of Libya," he says.
And with the terminals closing, Libya's battered economy is taking even more blows because foreign oil companies are pulling out. Libya is only producing about 330,000 barrels a day, increasing the economic burden.
Again, oil is basically what pays for any central Libyan government. How much? "All — 90 to 95 percent. There is no revenue but oil," he says.
If negotiations don't end the fighting, Sanallah says, the country will collapse. A functioning oil industry could be all that stands between Libya as a nation, and Libya as a failed state.
Lonely Planet named Singapore its top country destination for 2015. An island known as a little red dot on the world map, Singapore has less than 5.5 million people.
But when it comes to tourism, Singapore punches above its weight, with nearly 14 million tourists visiting the island in the first eleven months of 2014. And as a result of a long-term plan by the Singapore government, many of them come for the food.
You can find many versions of chicken rice, considered one of Singapore's national dishes, which features steamed or blanched white bird meat. You can also find chili crab, a well-loved seafood dish stir-fried in a tomato and chili-based sauce, and rojak, fried dough that has been grilled over charcoal.
When the government of Singapore decided to make culinary training a centerpiece of its plan to turn the island into a world-class tourist destination, it invited the Culinary Institute of America to open its first international branch on the island. Four years ago, Managing Director Eve Felder moved to Singapore with her family to set up the program — around the same time that celebrity chefs like Wolfgang Puck and Mario Batali also arrived.
Felder says the culinary institute's Singapore program features the same curriculum as its other branches in the U.S., which teach students to prepare classical cuisine in the European tradition. The basic techniques used in preparing world-class cuisine are the same whether you're making a beef bourguignon or a curry, she says.
"Part of our being here is to professionalize and teach the whys of cooking, so it's not haphazard," Felder says." The whys are all the same. The difference is in the flavor profiles."
Jodin says his parents were not happy with his choice to become a chef rather than a doctor or lawyer, because they worried he wouldn't earn enough in the kitchen. "They were very concerned," he says. "And it's a very Asian culture kind of thing. They want you to get good jobs."
But these days, some of the best jobs in Singapore are in the restaurant industry, according to Ryan Clift, who owns the Tippling Club. "This is a career where you will never be unemployed for the rest of your life. It's a universal language. It's food. It's cooking, you know."
Clift has been cooking since he was 13. He used to run a restaurant in Australia and opened the Tippling Club here in 2008, in the midst of the financial crisis, managing to stay in business by selling a lot of what he called "FU-the Subprime Cocktail" for $100 each — a drink that he says was big enough to share among several people.
Now, Clift prepares meals that consist of modernist gastronomy dishes, such as edible charcoal and peppers that look like hot coals. Some of those meals can cost $5,000 for a 32-course dinner that serves up to 12 people. He says at least 45 percent of his bookings each night are international guests who come for one reason: "They are flying here as gastro tourists, and they are coming here just to eat."
The way Felder puts it, "We teach them how to make people's dreams come true. A kitchen is high pressure. It's hot. Your hands smell like shrimp or whatever. But you must do it with grace. It is grace under pressure."
Singapore hopes that grace under pressure and skills in the kitchen will help make it the gastronomic gateway to Asia.

“We knew that it’s illegal to take ‘raw’ corals from Thailand, but not souvenirs made of corals and seashells. That’s why we were sure that there was nothing illegal as we had bought the corals here,” she said.
However, Ms Karmanova explained, “But since we though that we could take out the shells that we had bought here, we did not worry much.”
“The next day we tried to clean them (the corals and shells) with the cleaning agent so that the owner of the hotel would not worry that they would smell,” Ms Karmanova added.
The women planned to take them back to the beach and throw them back into the water later anyway, Ms Karmanova said.
After dealing with the landlady’s concerns, the women went out and returned to their bungalow later only to learn about the police visit, after which the two women voluntarily presented themselves at Karon Police Station, where they were placed under arrest, Ms Karmanova said, clarifying how the pair came to be taken into custody.
After their release on bail, the pair returned to the bungalow and talked to the “hotel owner”, who accepted their apologies and said she might have gone too far calling the police, said the NGS report.
Ms Karmanova and Ms Likman are expected to have their case heard in court within 48 days.
In the meantime their passports are being held by authorities so they cannot leave the country, as is standard procedure as foreigners are usually deemed a flight risk in any criminal charges.
In addition to fear of going to prison, Ms Karmonova is worried about her university studies, as she will need to prove why she has been unable to attend classes, reported NGS.
Further, Ms Polina’s father claims that both families have had to take out bank loans in order to cover all legal expenses and rising costs of the two students’ forced extended stay in Thailand.
Not every society, take Australia for example vast majority of it's  citizens take personal responsibility for their environment unlike Thailand,  environmental laws are strictly enforced but fair and it shows as the environment there is as good as it gets, you won't see any rubbish, fish stocks are plentiful, no raw sewage leaking directly onto beachfront etc.
Why on earth would you discriminate in law? As a theory, a gram of heroin should be treated as a misdemeanor (whatever that means). So if the environment is long past help, why bother trying to save it or have laws to try and save it? Obviously the science is against that crazy notion.
Agree the environment is long past help, and these women are being scapegoated. The amount of coral (do shells count?) shown in the picture should be treated as a misdemeanor. Change the law to a more sensible and appropriate response that can differentiate between
Every society one cares to look at does exactly the same thing.
It's all very well saying it's a "gouge." What pearl of wisdom would one offer to a concerned citizen who wants to reports any offence?
If only people would read the act then try think outside of their tiny little square.
This case has very little, if anything, to do with environmental protection.  The damage has been done, with nearly all coral reefs along the west coast being dead and crumbling do to abuse, neglect and illegal discharges, which continue to this day, thus preventing new coral growth. This case is a gouge, and will do more to harm tourism than it will to protect natural resources.
Gotta laugh at the crazies on here. First they moan and groan about nothing being done about the environment, but still moan and groan when something is done. So the corollary by the PN crazies is that an enforcement of any law anywhere is obscene.
An obscene application of a law, and to what end?  Hope they got a receipt for that outrageous bail amount.
Look at what is on that blue plate!
Here they are good in making big issues of small matters, and ripping off tourists.
But when it comes to big matters than they are hopeless, don't know what to do, talk nonsense and walk around it....
Got to say this is much ado about nothing.  Ugly-ass corals and shells, and chunks of this stuff are all over the place, thanks to all the dead coral reefs that have been killed by locals.  I also don't believe their story, nor the fact that they were going to return them to the sea...hogwash.  Lastly, the Thai landlord is a nosy busy-body and a troublemaker. This whole case is harmful to Phuk...
That was 2015! Looking back at the best-read stories of last year

Even if "Sabbath" s sound has been revised throughout the years, this is not a bad album.
To be honest, the energetic "Hard Life To Live" is another one of the highlights (total three). Savage riff, upbeat and very aggressive rhythmic section (but what's the role of Bevan in here). A very strong song.
Some weak number as well. More on the AOR side (which is not my cup of tea) for "The Shining" and as well as "Glory Ride" (even the master and his solo won't be able this time to rescue this poor song). "Nightmare" being a heavy-metal and uninspired track.
I also wonder what's the role of Geoff Nicholls here since the keys are almost unexistant in this album (or at least so discrete that they are unheard except during "Ancient Warrior). There is absolutely no relation with prog in this album (except the two "Scarlet" minutes). But this is no surprise. This situation lasts for about seventeen years (more to come). IMO, the best two numbers sit at the end of the album.
It is difficult to say that this is a good album. Five out of ten which is maybe more than what could be expected. Two stars.
I fully recognize that many progressive rock fans will not find The Eternal Idol progressive enough. But everything about this album is very tasteful, from the cover art to the music to the production. Despite having this album for several years, I noticed now for the first time that it was (co-) produced by Jeff Glixman who is famous for producing many of Kansas' best albums.
This is a hidden gem from one of my eternal idols!
The production is much better than on the weak Seventh Star album. This is an eighties production but it´s one of the better ones for sure.
The Eternal Idol is a welcome return to form and while it doesn´t really reach the heights of the Dio albums by Black Sabbath, it´s the fans of those albums that will find most of interest here IMO. 3 stars are well deserved. A nice surprise.
Sabbath had been going through a difficult period through the 80's after Dio had left, with some really poor releases, changing line-ups again and again, none which were worthwhile for hardcore Sabbath fans. However, when Tony & Co hired Tony Martin on vocals, the band seemed to be again in shape for dark, semi-gloomy, heavy music.
I can't find a weak hard rock/metal tune in here, they all feature pretty good riffs, some of them with that ol' gloomy aspect that characterized the 70's Sabbath so much, also there's that heavy drumming I mentioned before, from ex-Kiss drummer, Eric Singer, as well as some pretty good guitar solos, though by no means as memorable as those from the 70's Tony did.
I would describe the remainder of the album as commercial and slightly metalized power blues. I admit I really didn't like much of it 20 years ago but after digging up this CD for the review, it amazed me how high the quality actually is. I usually cringe away from stuff like this but here it is hard to ignore the powerful performance and the inspired song writing. A certain blues highlight is Nightmare, while Hard Life to Love, Glory Ride and Born to Lose are all very enjoyable 80's hair metal tracks.

Public Engagement and the Future of Higher Education
Gibbons, Michael et al. (1994) The New Production of Knowledge: The Dynamics of Science and Research in Contemporary Societies. SAGE.
Jongbloed, Ben et al. (2008). "Higher Education and its Communities: Interconnections, Interdependencies and a Research Agenda". Higher Education.
Mauser, Wolfram et al. (2013) "Transdisciplinary Global Change Research: The Co-Creation of Knowledge for Sustainability", Current Opinion in Environmental Sustainability.
Ramaley, Judith A. (2006) "Public Scholarship: Making Sense of an Emerging Synthesis", New Directions for Teaching and Learning.
Rowe, Gene et al. (2009) "Public Engagement in Research Funding: a Study of Public Capabilities and Engagement Methodology", Public Understanding of Science.
Walker, George E. et al. (2008) The Formation of Scholars: Rethinking Doctoral Education for the Twenty-First Century. Jossey-Bass.
Warren, Mark R. et al. (2016) "The Formation of Community-Engaged Scholars: A Collaborative Approach to Doctoral Training in Education Research", Harvard Educational Review.
White Paper on the Future of the PhD in the Humanities (2013)Institute for the Public Life of Arts and Ideas, McGill University.
Basalla, Susan and Maggie Debelius (2015) "'So What Are You Going to Do With That?'", The Chronicle of Higher Education.
Clow, Erin (2015) "Don't Make me Feel Ashamed of my Career Aspirations", University Affairs.
Gilbert, Rob et al. (2004) "The Generic Skills Debate in Research Higher Degrees", Higher Education Research & Development.
Magner, Denise K. (2001) "A New Career Guide for Ph.D.'s Asks: 'So What Are You Going to Do With That?'", The Chronicle of Higher Education.
Pinker, Steven (2014) The Sense of Style: The Thinking Person's Guide to Writing in the 21st Century. Penguin Random House.
Pinker, Steven et al (2014) Why Academic Writing Stinks and How to Fix it. The Chronicle of Higher Education.
Silvia, Paul J. (2009) How to Write a Lot: A Practical Guide to Productive Academic Writing. APA.

You could try incorporating some of the study’s words in your username, dating profile headline, and bio. Of course, if these words don’t apply to you, don’t use them. We’re not trying to promote lying — it’s always better to be honest.
This isn’t a rule, but think about incorporating some words into your profile that studies have proven attract singles online.
eHarmony also says that there are some words that might be worth avoiding — like sweet, energetic, and modest for men and good listener, rational, and dependable for women. This isn’t a hard-and-fast rule — take it with a grain of salt. We’re just trying to get you to think carefully about your word choice and how you describe yourself.
2. Keep It Relatively Short, But Be Specific About Yourself
The Write Practice has a lot of great tips for writing succinctly, and we also delve more deeply into this topic here.
Repeat after me: Bathroom selfies have no place in a dating profile. We also suggest not using photos that are blurry, dark, blocking your face, heavily photoshopped, or that are of you with a group (how will people know which one you are?). Online daters will look at your photos before anything else, so they’ve got to be good and varied.
Adding a couple of pictures of you in the same place and/or outfit won’t do you any good.
Basically, the key is to add as many different kinds of pictures to your profile as you can, so people can get an idea of what you like to do. In this article, we provide numerous examples of the best dating profile photos.
4. 70% Should Be About Who You Are & 30% About What You Like
I hate saying someone’s a Negative Nancy because it leaves out the men, so I like to give equal attention to both genders by saying someone is a Negative Nancy/Nathan. Anyway, my point is positivity is one of the most irresistible qualities a person can possess, and being positive in your dating profile will make people want to get to know more about you.
6. Whatever Kind of Humor You Have, Let It Shine Through
Spelling mistakes and using improper grammar is the number one worst thing you can do in your dating profile, especially if you’re a guy. In fact, Grammarly, a writing-enhancement platform, says men with just two typos in their profiles are 14% less likely to receive a positive response from women than are men who don’t have any typos in their profiles.
It’s worth taking some time to double-, triple-, and quadruple-check your profile before posting it. If you’re not the best at writing or editing, have a family member, friend, or coworker who is look it over. You can also use a grammar and spell-check tool — there are a lot of free ones out there, including Grammarly, Scribens, Ginger software, and the aptly named Hemingway app.
If You’re in Need of Dating Profile Help, We’re Coming to the Rescue!
Ever since my friend took the leap into online dating and we helped her fill out her profile, she’s been on tons of dates and is finally satisfied with her dating life. Most importantly, she’s learned some lessons that she can use throughout her online dating experience — lessons our experts hope to pass on to you, too. The final tip is to just start writing!

You Are Here: Home » Lawyers » Things You Need To Know About White Collar Crimes
You by now should have understood that the white collar crimes can be in many ways, but there are some characteristics which bind them together. Deceit and concealment are used instead of violence or force to make gain financially.
Perjury, false statement, obstruction of justice, and witness tampering with the witness are also white collar crimes. These crimes though don’t get thedirect financial benefit, but still, they are colliding with thefree and fair functioning of the justice system.

Click on the links below to view our most frequently asked questions. If you still can't find what you're looking for, feel free to contact us.
You can enrol in the majority of our courses, and start studying, anytime you like. There's no need to wait for a certain date or a new semester to start – just, enrol, login, and start learning.
Courses offered by the Open Colleges School of Health are the only ones that have specific intake dates. Check the relevant course page to find out more.
Enrolment is easy! Click on the Enrol Now link located on any of our course information pages and follow the simple steps. If you still need further assistance, you can contact an Enrolment Consultant on 1300 853 033.
Most of our courses have no formal education entry requirements, other than English language skills. Check the course page on our website to see if the course you are interested in has any additional requirements.
How can I get practical experience by studying online?
Open Colleges offers a range of payment options, from discounts for payment in full to interest-free fortnightly and weekly payment plans. Some students may also be eligible for government funding to help them study approved courses.
Find out more about your payment options from the video below and on our payment options page. Alternatively, you can call one of our Enrolment Consultants on 1300 853 033 for more information.
Some of our courses are approved for Austudy/Abstudy assistance, providing you are eligible to receive these payments. There is also assistance available for those receiving pension payments and other financial benefits. Our Enrolment Consultants will be able to give you further information. Call them today on 1300 853 033.
How can I assess my Language, Literacy and Numeracy skills?
You can take our free online assessment to help determine your learning level and plan your future studies. Go to this page and follow the links to our online Language, Literacy and Numeracy assessment tool.
There are so many benefits to online study, check out the list below for just a handful!
• Flexibility – All of your learning materials are available for you on our online campus OpenSpace, 24 hours a day. So you have the flexibility to enjoy lessons and study whenever and wherever you want; on a train, in a café, at home, the choice is yours.
• No deadlines – We believe that students learn best at their own pace, so we have no lesson, assignment or study deadlines. You can learn, absorb and submit assignments when you feel ready, not before.
• Affordability – We want everyone to have the opportunity to study so we offer flexible payment plans, as well as lump sum payment discounts. For information on your options, call our Enrolment Consultants on 1300 650 011.
• Support – Student support is at the heart of what we do! Our friendly Student Support team can help with all your enrolment, administrative and study questions, while you Trainers and Assessors are also always happy to chat to you on OpenSpace.
How difficult is it to study online?
At Open Colleges we aim to ensure that you have the very best online study experience. Our online campus contains all your learning materials, lessons and assessments in one place. Here you can also talk to your trainers and assessors, as well as your fellow classmates.
How is online learning different from classroom-based courses offered by other education institutions?
I haven’t studied in a long time. How do I know if online is right for me?
Open Colleges offers nationally recognised Certificates and Diplomas. This means that our Certificates and Diplomas meet specific national standards and have been developed in consultation with industry to provide the most workplace relevant training. Qualifications from Open Colleges also carry the same level of recognition as courses delivered on-campus in a classroom setting. Open Colleges’ short courses and skill builders are not nationally accredited.
Can I use this qualification in Australia and overseas?
Yes. Our Trainers and Assessors are highly qualified, have in-depth industry knowledge and experience, and are certified to teach. All of our 100+ courses are also created in consultation with industry experts, so you will to get the most work-relevant qualification.
How do I balance/prioritise my personal life and time to study?
As there are no deadlines to stick to, you can create a study schedule that fits around your life. Our Learning Support Officers can offer advice on time management and help you build a study plan. Check out these tips to help you strike a balance that works for you.
What is VET (Vocational Education and Training)?
What is the difference between VET Education and University?
VET stands for Vocational Education and Training. VET courses are different from university degrees in that they combine practical hands-on skills with theory and are designed to prepare you for the workforce.
How long does it take to complete a VET course?
VET courses can range in duration from 6 months to 2 years, depending on the type of course you choose to study. In comparison, a standard undergraduate Bachelor degree at university is 3 years, full-time study.
When you study online with Open Colleges, you have the flexibility to work at your own pace. There are no deadlines, you just have to make sure you finish before the course expiry date. Check out your course page to find out more.
There are lots of great reasons to study a VET course. VET offers a variety of different career paths from community services to aged care, accounting to marketing, fitness to nursing, beauty therapy to construction, and more! VET courses are designed to prepare you for an ever-changing workforce, as you learn job-ready skills.
According to a recent study released by Skilling Australia Foundation, “VET’s high level of flexibility enables it to provide practical programs that teach real-life skills rather than just theory. As a result, VET graduates of the future will be able to enter the workforce with first-hand experience.
The study also found that, VET graduates have a higher employment rate than university graduates and can even earn more as a starting salary, upon graduating. Learn more here.
If you’re interested in a career that combines theory and practical work, and a rewarding career that will help you make a difference, VET is the right choice for you.
Many of the courses Open Colleges offer provide industry-recognised qualifications from accredited institutions, so you’ll be ready to start a new career, go for that promotion or re-enter the workforce as soon as you complete your course.
With the Open Colleges Career Commitment, if you don’t meet your desired outcome after 6 months of graduating from your course, we will provide an additional course or module to give you the extra skills you need to succeed.
Find out more about your payment options from the video below and on our payment options page.
Do you offer payment plans or payment support?
Yes, with Open Colleges, you have the option to pay for you course in full or with a weekly/fortnightly payment plan, letting you schedule your payments around your regular outgoings. Government funding, Austudy, Abstudy or other assistance may be available for some students enrolling on specific courses. Contact one of our Enrolment Consultants on 1300 853 033 for more information.
No, we don’t currently offer VET Student Loans as a payment option for any of our courses. However, you can pay for your course with a convenient payment plan that allows you to split the cost of your course fees into weekly, fortnightly or monthly instalments that work around your regular outgoings. Find out more about payment options here.
What do I get in return for my course fees?
At Open Colleges, we refuse to compromise on the quality of our courses and always aim to deliver the very best course content and support for our students. We strive to offer high quality education at a competitive price.
While enrolled with us, you’ll get:
Easy to follow learning material developed in consultation with industry experts.
Personalised feedback from your trainer as you work through the course.
Extra resources to enhance your learning like online libraries, videos and learning activities.
All the support you need to keep going.
A chance to find a study buddy as well as career tips and resources that will help you apply your qualification in the real world.
A testamur (certificate) when you graduate as proof that you have completed your course.
Why is paying in full cheaper than a payment plan?
When you pay in full, we don’t have to spend extra money on administration for tasks such as payment plan processing. Instead, we get to pass on this saving to our students in the form of a discount.
Do I pay interest on the payment plan?
Open Colleges doesn’t charge any interest on our payment plans. However, if you opt to switch your payment plan to a zipMoney account, you could be subject to extra charges.
How long does it take from the time I sign up until I can start my course?
When you enrol in any course with Open Colleges, you’ll receive a confirmation email shortly afterwards and around 24 hours later you’ll receive another email containing your login details for OpenSpace, our online learning campus. OpenSpace is the place to go to find your course content, learning materials, submit your assessments, check your grades and get support. So you can begin studying as long as you’ve logged into OpenSpace.
With Open Colleges there are no deadlines. Our online courses are divided into Modules. Each of these Modules includes a set of learning materials, as well as assessment tasks. These learning modules and assessments can be completed whenever you want, just as long as everything is finished by your course expiry date.
How do I get the content of my course?
All the learning materials, including workbooks, reading, interactive lessons, videos, quizzes, and assessments will be available on our online campus, OpenSpace. To access them, simply log in to OpenSpace and go into your learning modules.
I have found courses that can be completed faster, why does your course take so long?
What kind of learning materials are included in the course?
Learning materials will depend on your specific course, however they could include workbooks, readings, interactive lessons, videos, podcasts, quizzes, and assessments.
Get on to OpenSpace and chat to the Assessor assigned to that specific study module. They should be able to clear up any uncertainty that you may have.
Some Open Colleges courses include professional memberships, whilst others will qualify you for registration. It’s best to check with the professional membership body to see whether your course will qualify you for membership.
When you enrol with Open Colleges, you’ll join a whole community of staff and students who can offer support whenever you need it. If you encounter a problem during your studies, you can pick up the phone or log into OpenSpace to contact our friendly support team. Here’s a rundown of what they can help you with:
One of our Student Support Officers will get your enrolment sorted, make sure you receive any kits that come with your course and can give you a hand finding your way around OpenSpace if you ever get lost.
If you get stuck with an assessment or have a question related to the learning material, your Trainers and Assessors are available to give you guidance and feedback. They try to respond to all queries ASAP so you’ll never be left wondering for long.
Make an appointment through OpenSpace with our Learner Support team if you need a hand with the practical elements of studying with Open Colleges. Develop a study schedule and get help with language, literacy and numeracy, as well as academic writing and referencing to ensure you get the best results.
Log into the student forum in OpenSpace to check in with other students on your course, share your experience and even find a study buddy.
Are there any rules for participating in the discussion groups?
Yes. These are explained further in OpenSpace but in general, posts should be respectful and relevant. Most of all, the forums are there to be enjoyed so there’s no spam allowed!
How do I meet other students in my course in person?
How do I meet/interact with other students in my course?
OpenSpace makes interacting with other students easy and your course discussion groups are a great place to meet other students. Join in any of the conversations there or post your own question and start a discussion.
When you’re studying in OpenSpace you can make notes directly onto the course content to share with other students. So whether you’ve found a perfect quote or an amazing reference source, pop it in a comment and give your fellow students a hand.
There’s no need to go it alone! You can find a Study Buddy who is studying the same course as you on OpenSpace. Keep each other motivated, discuss any questions you have about the course material and share study resources.
You can also send a private message to other students on your course in OpenSpace. All you need to do is go to your Message Centre (accessible from the drop-down menu underneath your profile photo), click 'New Message' and start typing!
Open Colleges’ workshops and conferences also give you the chance to meet your trainers and other students in person.
How do you stay motivated when studying online?
How do I get started with my course?
3. Start your first module. Start by reading the learning materials and completing the learning activities. The learning activities are not formally assessed, but provide a great opportunity for practise.
5. Move on to the next module. When you have successfully completed your assessments, you can progress to the next module.
How long does it take to grade an assessment?
This will depend on your course. As a general rule assignments take between two days to two weeks to mark.
Good question! If you’re studying a practical subject, such as Vet Nursing or Allied Health, you’ll be required to complete Structured Workplace Learning (also known as a work placement) to get the hands-on experience you need. You’ll be responsible for setting this up but there is always help available to find the right workplace for you. Open Colleges also hosts workshops and conferences linked to a range of subjects to help build your skills and network with industry experts.
How do I know if my course includes a work placement?
When should I start looking for a work placement?
It’s best to start looking for a work placement as soon as you can. This way, when the time comes to begin your placement you are organised well in advance and ready to make the most of the opportunity.
How do I find a work placement?
Finding a work placement is a bit like looking for a new job! Follow the steps below to find a work placement that will enhance your skills and get you some valuable on-the-job experience.
1. Search – think about where you would like to work and start looking! (Hint: try job websites, volunteer websites, local businesses, newspapers, family and friends).
2. Apply – make a shortlist and start emailing potential workplaces. (Hint: you will need an up-to-date resume and cover letter).
4. Secure – confirm all the details and complete the paperwork. (Hint: you’ll find this information in the Workplace Assessment Guide).
5. Commence – now it’s time to start your work placement. (Hint: have fun!)
What help can I get to find a work placement?
Although it’s ultimately your responsibility, you won’t be alone when looking for a work placement. OpenSpace is full of great support resources to help you understand what you need to do and answer all your questions. Follow our tips below to find out all you need to know:
Ask a question! Just type your question into the search bar at the top of the page and we’ll find the answer for you.
You can also learn about work placement requirements in the Workplace Assessment Guide.
Find out more on the Work Placement page.
How do I find and approach a host organisation for my work placement?
There are lots of ways you can look for a host organisation for your work placement:
Research organisations in your local area.
Go in and experience the service provided by the organisation to see if it’s something you would be interested in.
Check out our tips and tricks on the Structured Workplace Learning support page.
So you’ve found a potential host organisation and you need to approach them but you’re not quite sure how to go about it. We recommend the following:
Do a bit of research to find out who the best person in the organisation would be to contact.
Compile an email to introduce yourself and approach them about the possibility of completing your work placement.
Make sure your resume is up-to-date and attach it with your email.
If you don’t hear back in around 3-5 days, follow-up with a call.
And finally, be prepared to keep trying and don’t get too downhearted if you hear a no! Not all organisations have time to reply to offer work placements.
How can I prepare for my work placement interview?
Congratulations on getting an interview! You’re probably feeling pretty excited but also a little nervous – don't worry, we're here to help you. Check out our tips below to help you prepare:
• Read up on some tips that will help you ace the interview.
• Research the organisation before you go. This will show the employer that you’re proactive and keen to work for them.
• Practice interview questions with a family member or friend to help to get rid of those last minute nerves! You can find some great examples on the Structured Workplace Learning support page in OpenSpace.
• Be confident! Arrive on time, smile and show your potential host organisation how passionate you are.
What assessments will I have to do?
If you get stuck with an assessment or have a question related to the learning material, your Trainers and Assessors are available to give you guidance and feedback. You can contact them through the online learning campus, OpenSpace or via email. They try to respond to all queries ASAP so you’ll never be left wondering for long.
What do I get when I complete my course?
If you have studied for a nationally recognised qualification, you will receive a Certificate, an Academic Transcript and a Student Assessment Record showing your grades for all assessment tasks.
If you did not study for a nationally recognised qualification, you will receive an Open Colleges certificate.
Yes! Many Open Colleges courses are open to students from New Zealand. However, some of our courses involve a work placement (Structured Workplace Learning) which must be undertaken in Australia. Some courses are also restricted to Australian students only. Check the information on the individual course pages (or contact us) to find out which courses you might be eligible for
The course I am interested in contains a work placement. How does this work if I’m not currently in Australia?
In order to comply with regulatory requirements, all Structured Workplace Learning activities for Open Colleges courses must occur in Australia. This means that if you are intending to study this course from outside of Australia, you will need to travel to Australia to complete your work placement. You'll be responsible for your own travel and accommodation costs.
Do I need a visa to travel to Australia to undertake work placement?
Where can I find more information about visas to travel to Australia?
What support services are available to me if I am studying from overseas?
Where can I find information about course fees?
Who should I contact if I am unhappy with my services?
If you are unhappy with any aspect of our service, you may speak with one of our Student Support Officers who will aim to resolve your matter quickly. For further information, please refer to the Student Issues Procedure.
A complaint is to be submitted in writing either by completing a Complaint Form or other written means which clearly identifies your matter as a complaint. You may send your complaint via email to complaints@opencolleges.edu.au or post to Open Colleges Complaints, PO Box 1568, Strawberry Hills, NSW 2012.
How long does it take to resolve my complaint?
What do I do if I am unsatisfied with the outcome of my complaint?
How long does it take to resolve my complaint appeal?
What happens if I am unsatisfied with the outcome of my complaint appeal?
If you are unhappy with the outcome of your complaint appeal, you may apply to the Resolution Institute for an Independent external review of the outcome.
For further information, please refer to section 5 of the Complaint Appeals Procedure.
You may Refer to the Resolution Institute Student Mediation Scheme for further information.
What kind of jobs can I get upon completion of my course?
As many of the courses we offer provide industry-recognised qualifications from accredited institutions, you’ll be ready to start a new career, go for that promotion or re-enter the workforce as soon as you complete your course. Check out each course page to see some of the possible job outcomes or browse our dedicated Careers site for in-depth information on career pathways, salary and the employment outlook in your chosen field.
Visit our dedicated Careers site to get in-depth information on your chosen career area, including average wages for specific roles, letting you know what you can expect to earn when you enter the industry.
Are there lots of jobs available?
Our dedicated Careers site offers comprehensive information on a range of career areas. Find out the employment outlook for specific jobs roles and the current employment level in that role by state to get a full understanding of what the future could bring in your chosen career.

The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of PAR methodology:
As a tool to engage both administrators and teachers
As a process of professional development through which to address issues of educational disadvantage
The discussion will conclude by asking whether and to what extent educators in the study improved their educational practice for homeless and highly mobile students in the United States?
Context and Background Homeless (H) children may periodically live out of their parent’s car or sleep on a friend’s couch (sofa) – there are approximately 1.5 million homeless children in the United States. A recent study of homeless street youth showed that some had attended as many as 19 schools . Highly mobile (HM) or transient children attend two or more schools each school year and have been shown to be at high risk for dropping out (leaving early). There is no way to measure the size of this population.
Homeless (H) children may periodically live out of their parent’s car or sleep on a friend’s couch (sofa) – there are approximately 1.5 million homeless children in the United States. A recent study of homeless street youth showed that some had attended as many as 19 schools .
Highly mobile (HM) or transient children attend two or more schools each school year and have been shown to be at high risk for dropping out (leaving early). There is no way to measure the size of this population.
All students are affected Because schools in the US are not on the same curricular schedule, moving from school to school is like surfing waves of educational strategy – these students frequently end up years behind their peers in literacy and comprehension (Rumberger 2003). Studies have shown that in urban areas any given cohort of students may change more than 50 % of their population every five years (Kerbow, 2003).
Studies have shown that in urban areas any given cohort of students may change more than 50 % of their population every five years (Kerbow, 2003).
50% of the US has moved in the last five years Yet educational practice has not changed to meet this challenge and pre-service preparation continues to prepare teachers as though they will be able to practise their classroom management strategies in a stable school environment.
Yet educational practice has not changed to meet this challenge and pre-service preparation continues to prepare teachers as though they will be able to practise their classroom management strategies in a stable school environment.
Seventeen educators – 9 administrators Representing: 1 homeless shelter , 1 charter high school (ages 14-18) 2 middle schools (ages 11-13), 1 multi level school (grades 4 - 19) 4 elementary schools (ages 4- 10) Participants:
1 charter high school (ages 14-18)
1 multi level school (grades 4 - 19)
4 elementary schools (ages 4- 10)
Schools that were in: rural (1) , small towns (3), suburban areas (3), urban (3)
52.9% with increasing access to educational services
Framework for research and action that enhanced participant’s capacity to address the issues they studied.
Process of reviewing data and theory with other educators to plan action = a feeling of their own expertise.
They increased the flexibility of their educational practice (2)
What was the impact of those services?
Welcoming school culture Opened a parent welcoming centre (1) Developed a “lunch bunch” group so highly mobile or transient students could make friends and discuss their experience in school (2) Researched how students were greeted and the ways in which they learned about the school (2) Interviewed parents enrolling students mid year (3) Transmitted more information to teachers (5)
Researched how students were greeted and the ways in which they learned about the school (2)
Transmitted more information to teachers (5)
Flexible Instructional Strategies Flexible instructional strategies are something that everybody strives for all kids, you have to differentiate, it is not an easy thing to do. Teacher changed poetry in her reading curriculum to include poems about homelessness. Motivation to memorize the poems soared. At the end of the school year her homeless students had excelled in this curricula four times the expected growth.
Flexible instructional strategies are something that everybody strives for all kids, you have to differentiate, it is not an easy thing to do.
At the end of the school year her homeless students had excelled in this curricula four times the expected growth.
Did they improve educational practice? They say their practice was much improved: Poised to welcome new students Understand and are able to address situations that involve meeting a student’s primary needs such as food, clothing and supplies Have increased empathy to student’s challenges Have implemented new practices
They say their practice was much improved:
Understand and are able to address situations that involve meeting a student’s primary needs such as food, clothing and supplies
Epilogue During the 2005-2006 school year 46 participants from four states (Colorado, Texas, Arkansas and Virginia) are participating in a similar study using web-based PAR methodology. They each are responsible for: Completing an individual project for which they receive a stipend of $1,000. Each participate in: A local team of an administrator (mostly principals), a teacher and a community member Two online Communities of Practice (CoPs) using web based forums of communication.
Completing an individual project for which they receive a stipend of $1,000. Each participate in:
A local team of an administrator (mostly principals), a teacher and a community member
The purpose of this paper is to make a new genre of action research accessible to readers ... participatory action research, ... (www.mmu.ac.uk/carn) ...
... Trust in Action Research’ on ... for Collaborative Action Research Networks (CARN) ... collaborative and participatory approaches to research.
The Contribution of Action Research to Development in ...
Using Participatory Action Research in a Local Authority ...
Using Participatory Action Research in a Local ... , I. ‘Participatory Action Research: ... http://www.uea.ac.uk/care/carn/conf97/PAPERS ...
These presentations are classified and categorized, so you will always find everything clearly laid out and in context. You are watching Carn Paper On Participatory action research presentation right now. We are staying up to date!

The Southern Nevada Zoo is permanently closed but families can still visit Gilcrease Sanctuary in North Las Vegas to see a variety of animals for a small admission fee of $4 or $2 (2- 12 years of age). My only regret is that we visited the sanctuary closer to noon when it was getting hot, hot, hot!
The sanctuary has a large number of birds but I had to stop and smell....I mean smile at the baby goats. The are super cute and super stinky. Did I mention that they are cute? How can you not resist those puppy goat eyes?
There were also little horses (hey, I don't know the proper terms but they were little), emus with gigantic scary eyeballs and llamas, oh my. Unfortunately, the heat was getting to us so we cut our visit short with a promise to see the rest of the animals another day.
We (The Mister, The Kid and I) attended the RISE Lantern Festival outside of Las Vegas at the dry lake bed located in Jean, NV. It was an awesome, breathtakingly beautiful sight. However, the whole experience was marred by the lack of organization and the transportation nightmare.
The Kid was wiped out before we even got there. I somehow didn't realize that when you left the shuttle, there was a 500 yard trek through sand and rocks to the event location. Not the easiest trek for those who elected to wear wedge sandals, flip flops or heels. I felt sorry for those with babies.
Get $10 off your $40 purchase at Joe's Crab Shack, today only (September 28, 2014). Present or display this coupon to receive your discount.
The Mister was told that the CAL Ranch Store had chickens. Unfortunately, due to the summer heat, they were no longer selling them. The helpful cashier told us the chickies would be back in the fall. It's not like we were planning on buying any chickens but The Mister wants to raise them sometime in the future.
I hung out in the General Store section. Yes, this means food aisle. There was a good selection of bottled sodas and breakfast and summer sausage mixes. They had Horehound candy which I love but I still have some lurking in my desk drawer at work. I did pick up one of these burlap sacks for $1.19. I am sure I can think of something to make out of it. It seems that the store has an endless supply of them sitting in a chin-high stack on a pallet.
On the way out I stopped to check out this little display. "Grandpa says; If you get dry lips, put chicken poop on 'em so you won't lick 'em!" Yum, Free Range Chicken Poop Lip Junk for your dry lips. Seriously, what does this taste like?
No, C-A-L Ranch Las Vegas, thank you!
Dear Paper Source, What Took You So Long To Arrive In Las Vegas?
It took a trip to Houston to find out that Paper Source was opening it's doors at Tivoli Village and Town Square in Las Vegas. I was so excited I nearly peed my pants. Okay, so that's an exaggeration but I was seriously excited since I was always forced to purchase everything online. For those of you who don't know, I have a serious paper fetish. Pens too. By the way, where was I when this was advertised? Cuz, I sure could use the discount!
Yes, I would like to do something creative every day! If only I could make a living cutting and folding paper.
The Kid has inherited my passion for paper and as you can see, he had a great time at Paper Source.
I was intrigued and had to check it out. It just seemed like my kind of store and surprisingly, it was. The store is filled with novelty toys and other gadgets and gizmos that make you laugh or say "wow, that's pretty cool".
The Mister picked up a giant jumbo calculator for a friend while i opted for these $3.00 Sip-N-Spoon's that are all-in-one spoon/straws. They will be great when we make snow cones.
The Kid found these signs which can definitely come in handy...somewhere in the world.
Oh, and for all you Zombie apocalypse, end of the world types, be sure to stock up on this essential Dehydrated Water because you just never know when you will run out.
There is also a view of the Strip through a lovely yellow tinted wall of glass where all the Reese's products live. I had to snap a photo of these light fixtures before we left. How can you not love peanut butter cups hanging from the ceiling?
It was a fun-filled day at the water park but it was time to hit the road. Bye-bye Galveston.
If you haven't been, be sure to visit the Houston Arboretum and Nature Center. They have several walking trails to choose from. We took a quick route and stopped to see the wildlife and plants.
If there is one thing that I would like to bring back to Las Vegas, it's H-E-B. The grocery store of all grocery stores. They even have Central Market which carries imported goods. It reminds me of Whole Foods but better.
Lunch was so good that we hit Longhorn Steakhouse for dinner. I am pretty sure I gained 10 pounds in 2 days. But before we knew it, we were on a flight back home to LV and the 100 degree weather. I think it's much better than the Houston humidity and non-stop traffic. Not to mention toll roads. What the heck is a toll road? :)
The Farm is not that large of a place but it is packed with animals. This kitty cat didn't move the whole time we were there. Bunnies, peacocks, chickens...and something that I stepped in. Eww...I don't want to know what it is.
For a large fee, you can feed this guy. The Kid thinks he can hold up the humangous gumball machine.
Fresh local raw honey and eggs are not inexpensive but so worth it.
I love the color of these farm fresh eggs and can't wait for breakfast!
Walk, run, drive, sail, jet, promenade, bicycle, hop, skip, jump, stroll or meander to an unknown destination (mostly in the vicinity of Las Vegas).
Work, parent, live, play, eat, guzzle coffee, cook, make extra cash, clip coupons, read and deal with the summer heat on a budget.

Resolved What Tech Development From 2017 Will Have the Biggest Impact on Processes in the Year Ahead?
Looking back at the year that has almost passed, what tech development from 2017 do you think will have the biggest impact on processes in the year ahead?
It's 10:30 and no responses. Can it be that there were NO tech developments in 2017?
All of this pre-processing/post-processing stuff goes back to around 1985 to Dr Bertrand Meyer and his "Design by Contract"
"History of "Design By Contract"
A clear metaphor to guide the design process
@Walter, can we tie your reference to pre- and post-processing to the growing problem of alarm fatigue? (I've written about this a few times too.)
Cheap data production inevitably results in human cognitive overload. "Data is cheap and business analysis is expensive". In other words especially, the post-processing. All sorts of documented anti-patterns. Or better yet, "experienced anti-patterns", as in what happens in hospitals in the ICU with nurses and alarm fatigue.
And why does the problem even arise? Because stepping up and funding the business analysis necessary to do the filters between machines that can throw millions of bits at people is hard. It's a technology meets economics meets governance problem. And it's getting worse, and probably will continue to do so before it gets better. You think?
You can get some relief from alarms by smarter rules that tighten up as you move through a process.
Example: At some step where we might, for example, be picking up a cluster of 6 data elements "name, address, city, street, zip and phone", the process designer can declare this cluster to be "mandatory" plan side, which means if one of the 6 data elements is missing, the app alarms with a notice "One or more data elements are missing"
Except that we can make that "One or more data elements are missing, do you want to record more data or skip?"
So, here, we issue an "alarm" once only, but it's a local prompt that appears whilst the user is in the form (much less intrusive compared to an alarm that rolls around every 1 minute)
Point is it could be a day, a week, or months before the next complaint/alarm relating to that data cluster
Users can, I suppose, turn off all of their alarms ("I have had it with alarms for today!), avoiding all "missing data" notifications.
Not saying I have a "solution" to alarm fatigue but seems to me the number of alarms can be reduced significantly using various strategies.
The beauty of pre-post rules IF you can park them at process steps is that you don't have to expressly insert pre-post steps immediately upstream or downstream from a normal process step.
Unfortunately, my software (unlike Eiffel classes) cannot accommodate pre and post "edges" to steps resulting in a need for inserted "process control (i.e.gatekeeper) steps" that just sit and wait for the data they need, then fire when the data becomes available. Something for the 2018 wish list!
Now, can we get all customers to go to "smart alarms" - nope !
My point was not about being faster (how did this even get across, I don't know), but about reusability of common complex process patterns. That's why I only bolded the word "reused".
You didn't (suggest "faster"). However, "reading between the lines", I thought your tech and associated use cases created an opening for faster roundtrips, which can have a huge impact on learning. So I guess that means business case. (Sorry previous note done from a phone included an "?" which kind of changed the meaning. . . .)
But reuseability in itself is a business model capability for a cloud platform, which may be a different than simply faster deployments. It's about clarity of business process vision and inclusiveness of the underlying architecture.
I think the "marriage" between BPM and modern digital archives (i.e. blockchain-based storage) will allow BPM expanding beyond organisational boundaries. Thus BPM can coordinate people, organisations, services, etc. in the end-to-end (from the customer's point-of-view) manner.
Karl, also we need "ordinary" people as trading partners but those people can't afford to run platforms. Thus it is necessary to have an independent trusted platform. Example - http://improving-bpm-systems.blogspot.ch/2016/07/digital-contract-as-process-enables.html
I need to get to understand blockchain. I have the book I recall you recommended. All fascinating!
Alexander - I think there are some newer BPM platforms (can we call them "platforms"?) which ARE affordable for SMB and are INTENDED to be affordable to SMB -- at least in terms of technology access. Then it's up to sales to get the customer (notice "customer", not "client") to budget the time for business analysis (whether or not one actually uses a professional business analyst or not).
We still do a lot of our platform programming in pure O-O.
Instead of having eight teams for eight products, we have one team for eight products.. . . Encapsulation, Abstraction, Inheritance, Polymorphism almost allow you to make a new product any day you like. The big chore is the terminology which has to change when you go from one industry/app to another - nothing to do with programming.
@David, you have shared bits and pieces of your story with the BPM.com community over time,, and it's fascinating. And now your note today especially resonated with me because I spent 6 years in the Magic Software ecosystem (late 90's early 00's).
Magic at that time was one of the big four RAD tools (along with PowerBuilder, Delphi and Progress -- and hundreds of other lesser knowns). Magic's claim to fame was that it was entirely rules-driven (with strongly defined pre- and post-processing too). I note the rules were lower level than what you would define as a full-on business rule today, but entire applications could be constructed declaratively. Magic (still traded on NASDAQ) had some amazing successes world-wide, especially, like Progress, through channels (one notable success being almost 20 large life and annuity insurance providers in North America). An experienced Magic programmer was typically an order of magnitude more productive than any competitor code-based technology.
Why mention all this? Because I've wondered and analyzed over the years why "the better mousetrap" was not more successful. Sure, part of the reason was that most organizations realized they should not be in the custom software business, and in the early 90's big and small ERP systems rolled down from Mount Olympus and were adopted by smaller and smaller enterprises. The RAD tools market collapsed.
I guess stupid customers are at fault for allowing vendors to be in the driver's seat.
Surely, with phishing, fake invoices, customers are becoming more knowledgeable/wary, so why can't they just verify for themselves during a WebEx or GoToMeting what a platform looks like and how it runs, particularly in the area of visual mapping, compile and run-time testing of a small yet representative workflow?
If it takes more than 1 hour, they should probably move on.
Not an easy question to be answered, since I don't recall a specific breakthrough research in 2017 that in fact can cause a tangible change to the 2018's BPM market. Landing at https://www.technologyreview.com/lists/technologies/2017/, I would say bots, IoT (payments) and self-driving vehicles stand out as likely candidates of having an impact on business processes to come. However, I think their effect on BPM and BPMS in particular, will be a more gradual thing.
Payments are of course a superset of invoicing. (The point of the animation was to show business people that what they were buying actually made sense.) BPM will win if it can be shown that the technology is easier than coding with frameworks (and that performance will be good too). Given the risks at stake BPM is a much better solution -- because you're working directly with payment processes "as first-class citizens" of the system.
Thanks for sharing. I recognize the general layout from several countries' now adopted e-invoicing standards. For some strange reason, in most cases, most governments have completely ignored the BPM component as part of the greater payment life cycle,sadly leaving the standardized XML files to be orchestrated manually.
Glad you took the time to see the animation Kay! Now I will share some results (see URL below).

It will be very confusing to the public to have so many different names for 4 iPhone's
Apple typically uses the same form factor for 2 years for cost savings. This allows it to reap incredible economies of scale compared to throwing out their design and R&D work and manufacturing setup after just 1 year. This strategy has worked pretty well so far and I don't see Apple abandoning it anytime soon.
It could change next year. My theory is that Apple might offer a plastic version of the iPhone 6 (but no 6+), reserving the larger iPhone for the 6s+ (or whatever it's called).
All the more reason why they should skip the S model and go straight to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7+ IMO
That makes absolutely no sense. We had the 4 and 4S, as well as the 3G and 3GS, in the same year and nobody got confused.

No such thing in pro sports. So yeah it's semantics, but it's important to differentiate between winner speak and loser speak.........and any coach or player would bristle at the term "moral victory."
You're forgetting the voices in my head, there's at least 12-24 of those going depending on time of day.
If we go 1-5 the next six games, no one's looking back on this game as a good loss, almost win or whatever backhanded superlative floats your boat.
That's just crazy talk. This Morale boost will keep me going for 4 or 5 losses at least.
Damn, I must have missed that episode!
What's NOT to be optimistic about? If we can continue with this Ground Chuck mindset, I could care less about W-L this season. Of course I want the Hawks to make the playoffs and win the Superb Owl. But if that doesn't happen, then I'll settle for second best---that we have a dominating run game again. RB yac floats my boat!
Like I just watched on Good Morning Football, they said...
You're damn right. Even my girlfriend Kay Adams said something to the effect of how I feel which is why do I feel so good about Seattle after a loss?
Because you can see the beginning of what is to come. It's 2012 all over again.
Saying the Rams and Chiefs are built to win in September and not the playoffs seems like rationalisation or hopefulness to me. They're the best teams in the league until proven otherwise. I wouldn't be surprised if one of them fell off though, it's certainly not a foreign scenario for the Chiefs
5 games in, and the draft picks are a swing and a miss? People keep making comments like this and exposing themselves, I love it.
adeltaY wrote: It comes across like you're saying starting off hot is not a good thing, which its baffling. Just because the Seahawks and Patriots have got off to slow starts and finished well doesn't mean it's a good thing. In fact, the 2013 Seahawks team was something like 11-1 and didn't finish hot and they won it all.
Sigh. I didn't say we were an 11-5 team, only that the feeling is exactly the same. Hawks lose, and the world crashes down for many here. When this team loses, even in 13-15, people would complain that we didn't have what it takes, the philosophy is all wrong, etc.
And the opposite side of the spectrum is just as sick after a win, the delusions and run the table posts never get old at all
But I definitely was surprised to see the game so close, but in division games, they historically are. Regardless of records. The crux of it is do you believe pete can bring this team back, or do you think he’s done. Well fought and I was impressed in the loss. But it all boils down to coaching and decision making for me , whether it’s betting on a unproven kicker/ punter AGAIN. And management on that last drive AGAIN.

No thought was there to yield:---
Three hundred knights had followed him---
Haste, lay me down beside the lake.
In issuing a new edition of "The Shadow of the Sword," my publishers
have asked me to introduce it with a few lines of preface. This I do
the more willingly, as it gives me an opportunity of thanking the
which they have received this and my subsequent attempts in fiction.
institution which, above all others, is the disgrace and scourge of
have been recently experimenting, at the expense of the public pocket
and of the town windows, with the new 80-ton gun. I forget exactly how
the people of England, or how much they are mulcted for the
further, surely, would be needed, to reach the Millennium; and that
step would be taken if our rulers would only listen to the voice of
But this subject, after all, is too sad a one to be sarcastic upon. I
am face to face with the horrible truth that War is still a reality,
and will be a reality so long as it is tolerated, under any
circumstances or under any name, by the preachers of Christianity--
among which preachers I include, as by far the most powerful, the
members of the fourth estate. In the nineteenth century, War should be
simply impossible. That it is possible is a proof of the failure of
the Christian religion, so far, to enfranchise the world.
I have cast "The Shadow of the Sword" as a crumb upon the waters. It
been accepted, and praised without stint, by many, as an attack on
Despotism in the person of the first Napoleon. I trust, however, that
it is something more--an attack on War in the abstract, as the
promise to arise, and sad-eyed Science is telling us that He will
never arise at all. Blocking the mouth of the Sepulchre lies now,
instead of the old stone, a monstrous implement--the GATLING GUN!
The world had waited on in tears.
He had not risen, tho' all the world
Tho' all the eyes of Heaven were dim.
Despite the promise and the pain.
He slept--and had not risen again.
And in the silence of the nights
He stood, and looking, men went wild;--
One man of France--and he, indeed.
Lowest and least of all man's seed--
The Shadow of the Sword, but still
His hiding-place on holy ground.
Seeking to drag him forth from there.
Struggled in silence--and at length.
"Rohan, Rohan! Can you not hear me call? It is time to go. Come, come!
It frightens me to look down at you. Will you not come up now, Rohan?"
The voice that cries is lost in the ocean-sound that fills the blue
huge horn over the brink of the abyss, and around which a strong rope
Close to this horn of rock, in the full glory of the sunset light,
Judged by her sun-tanned skin, she might be the daughter of some gipsy
and love, but dark as death with jealousy and wrath; and, indeed, to
depths of passion, and self-control, and pride. The girl is tall and
and her step a little less elastic, she might be a lady born.
when her father, running into port with the biggest haul of fish on
record that season in the little fishing village, found that the Holy
Woman she is, yet still a child; and surely the sun, that touches this
A clear bird-like voice, but it is lost in the murmur of the blue void
felt hat which lie already on one of the blocks of stone; then,
placing herself flat upon her face close to the very edge of the
Half-way down the precipice a figure, conscious of her touch upon the
rope, by which he is partially suspended, turns up to her a shining
She sees for a minute the form that hovers beneath her in mid-air,
round, and she closes her eyes with a little cry. A clear ringing
distinct and clear, but her eyes rest on one picture only!--not on the
sit gazing at the sunset, weary of a long day's fishing; not on the
her eggs in it like a bird), and sailing swiftly for a hundred yards,
wheel, and come back, past the intruder's ears again, to their burrows
once more; round and round, in a slow circle above his head, a great
floats to his shoulders, and is ever and anon blown into his face, but
coloured eggs, and it is nearly full.
around his head, but snow around his feet. Partly aided by the rope,
rapid than it appears to the eye, and in a few minutes he has drawn
the greensward, close to the girl's side.
But all he sees for the moment is the one dark face, and the bright
Gurlan's Craig is not fit for a man to climb!"
great cliffs where even the goats and sheep are seldom seen, to know
black buzzard of the crags, this is the joy and glory of the man's
life--this is the rapture that he shares with the winged, the
swimming, and the creeping things. He swims like a fish, he crawls
like a fly, and his joy would be complete if he could soar like a
He began, when a mere child, by herding sheep and goats among these
manhood, and joined his fellows in fishing expeditions far out at sea,
others were lounging on the beach or at the door of the calozes, while
Hence there had arisen in him, day by day and year by year, that
towns believe to be the special and sole prerogative of the poets,
love the fields, or a sailor love the ship that sails him up and down
love the sea. It is no exaggeration to say that even a few miles
the sea as he did, not with a sentimental emotion, not with any idea
pathetic beauty, still pass from mouth to mouth; but among them there
lonely seas during "the great fishing," and how, one summer night, a
together in the darkness for the last time--knelt as they had often
done side by side in the little chapel on the cliff; and invoked the
Dame de la Garde--the face and form of the Mother of God!
Be that as it may, the storm presently abated, and the fleet was
"Father!" but no father answered; he had been washed over in the
darkness, and his footprints in the land of men were never seen more.
he had seen upon the waters in that hour of prayer. Whether it was a
real vision, or a child's dream, or a flash of memory illuminating the
day he ran and flung himself into his mother's arms, an orphan child;
and from that day forth he had no father but the Sea.
His mother, a poor widow now, dwelt in a stone cottage just outside
the village, and under the shelter of a hollow in the crag. Her son,
day that the good God performs a miracle, and this opportunity was too
proposition which caused her to weep for joy, and cry that St.
trained in holy knowledge, and in due season become a priest of God.
miserable pittance that his mother earned, to live in the house of the
two of Greek; he was, moreover, a willing child, and he would get up
without a murmur on the darkest and coldest winter's morning to serve
fishing boats that were going out to sea, or run away for a long day's
ramble among the crags, or spend the summer afternoon on the shore,
wanted he was often not to be found. One day he was carried home with
This might have been tolerated, though not for long; but presently it
Though the kingdom was an Empire, and though the terrible ideas of '93
and the good priest discovered, to his disgust, that the child was too
When the time came for the boy, in the natural course of things, to be
mind, he said, and he would never become a priest!
That was a bitter blow for the mother, and for a space her heart was
hard against the boy; but the priest, to her astonishment, sided with
lad's inclination. The life of a priest is a hard one, see you, at the
best. The priesthood is well enough, but there are better ways of
last, and the boy returned to his home. The truth is, the priest was
that holy men are made of, and that, sooner or later, he would be
consummated by a life of exemplary piety, would have been a fine
arranged for the best; for would he not, instead of being taken away
as a priest must be, remain with her for ever, and supply his father's
place, and be a comfort to her old age? There were two sorts of lives
that he detested with all his heart, and in either of these lives he
would be lost to home and to her. He would never become a Priest,
never become a Soldier (God and all the saints be praised for that!),
because he was a widow's only son.
But it was the year 1813, the "soote spring season" of that year, and
the great Emperor, after having successfully allayed the fear of
was a blessed thing to breathe, to be, to remain free; to raise his
sails, or the blue smoke curling from the chimneys of the little
the sward or shore; to kneel at her side, holding her hand, before the
statue of Our Lady; to look into her eyes, and, pleasanter still, to
all, could be sweeter than this?
His mother's sister's child, and only niece of the quaint old corporal
seeks the maiden, and is more gentle than any brother, though still
playmate for years--now she is, what shall we say? his companion--
soon, perhaps, to be known by a nearer name. But the marriage of such
Bishop will be needed to bring it about; and besides, after all, they
passion has many tones far beyond words, and it is not in Nature for a
man and a maiden, both beautiful, to look upon each other without joy.
they have never given a name. They enjoy each other as they enjoy the
fresh sweet air, and the shining sun, and the happy blue vault above,
and the sparkling sea below. They drink each other's breathing, and
girl's side, and listens to her laughing rebuke. How does he answer?
He takes her face between his two hands and kisses her on either
Then he turns to the block of granite where he has left his hat and
sabots, and slowly begins to put them on.
The sunset is fading now upon the ocean.
The vision of El Dorado, which has been burning for an hour on the far
sea-line, will soon be lost for ever. The golden city with its purple
the men upon her deck, bare-headed, with hands folded in prayer and
beyond him, on the very summit of the cliffs, stands the little Chapel
the help, night and day, of all good mariners.
fowler's hook in one hand, and coiling the rope around his arm, he
They have not proceeded far when a large white goat, which has been
for it approaches them slowly with some signs of recognition.
"What are you doing so far from home, Jannedik?" he asks, smiling,
surprised. "You are a rover, and will some day break your neck. It is
great brown eyes, but she comes to the whistle like a dog, and she
will let the village children ride upon her back, and she is
She has many points of a good Christian, but the Church has no
Rohan remains standing, hat in hand, gazing on the picture of the
Virgin on the altar-piece behind the rails.
Peace be with them and with the world to-night--peace in their hearts,
Not far from the Chapel of Our Lady of Safety, but situated on the
only be entered by an intrepid swimmer and diver.
wall and meet together far out on the edge of the sea, and where the
marble forms; with no painted windows, it is true, but with the blue
and surrounded by a fertile plain; but the monks of this abbey were
their evil ways and think of the wrath to come. It was a cold winter
their iniquities and of God's judgment; but even as he spoke, they
and destroy it and them. So the sea, though it was then some miles
of the abbey was changed, and the great roof was washed away. Even
We said this Cathedral had no worshippers. It had two, at least.
Within it sat, not many days after they had stood together in the
over their heads, covering the whole side of the cliff for a hundred
perpetually distilling, was a dark blot like the mouth of a Cave.
up here by the Altar--it will not rise so far; and when it is stormy
the dark blot above his head--"or even to the very top of the cliff."
"Climb the cliff!--why, it is a wall, and every one has not feet of a
"At least it is easy as far as the Trou. There are great ledges for
the feet, and niches for the hands."
"If one were even there, what then? It is like the mouth of Hell, and
"It is rather like the little Chapel above, when one carries a light
to look around. It is quite dry and pleasant; one might live there and
"Fit for a sea-woman to dwell in and bring up her little ones."
"It is not terrible, Marcelle; I could sleep there in peace--it is so
calm, so still. It would be like one's own bed at home but for the
shivered at the sight of a mouse.
"And as for the crag above," said Rohan, smiling at her, "I have seen
lost, have been saved like that, when the wind is off the sea; and
his eyes again to a book which he held upon his knee--an old, well-
He read, or seemed to read; yet all the time his joy was in the light
presence by his side, and he was conscious of her happy breathing, of
the warm touch of her dress against his knee.
"If we stay longer," she cried, "I shall have to take off my sabots
"There is time," he said, glancing through the Gate at the sea, which
archway. "Come back, and do not be afraid. There is yet a half-hour,
and as for the sabots and stockings, surely you remember how we used
coast, and while she placed her soft brown hand on his knees, and
"Look, then," he said, pointing out through the Gate; "does it not
seem as if all the green waters of the sea were about to rush in and
cover us, as they covered the great abbey long ago?"
disappeared in the darkness of the great cave above the Altar.
"Let us go!" said Marcelle in a low voice.
She was superstitious, and the allusion to the old legend made her
her arm. "In half an hour, not sooner, the Gate will be like the jaws
of a great monster. Do you remember the story of the great Sea-beast
and the Maiden chained to a rock, and the brave Youth with wings who
arch of the gateway, and the rocks with jagged teeth to tear the sea,
and the whole side of the Gate, blackly silhouetted against the green
water, seemed like the head and jaws of some horrible monster, such as
"Yes! See the huge red rock--it is like a mouth."
"If you could stop here and watch, you would say so truly. In a little
foam, and the air is filled with a roar like the bellowing of a beast.
I have sat here and watched till I thought the old story was come true
and the monster was there; but that was in time of storm."
"You watched it--up in the Trou?"
then the storm went down, but the tide was high. The water washed
close to the roof of the Gate, and when the wave rose there was not
Well, I was hungry, and knew not what to do. It was pleasant to see
it washing over the rocks and stones where we sat to-day, and to see
the seals swimming round and round and trying in vain to find a spot
to rest on. But all that would not fill one's stomach. I waited, and
then it grew dark, but the tide was still high. It was terrible then,
for the stars were clustered up yonder, and the shapes of the old
I left my hat and sabots at the mouth of the cave, and slipped down
from ledge to ledge, and dropped down into the water--it was dark as
seized me by the leg, but I shook him away. Then I struck out for the
there was a glimmer, and I could just see the top of the arch. So I
came close, treading on the sea, till I could almost touch the arch
have been lifted up and crushed against the jagged stones of the arch;
but I held my breath and struck forward--eight, nine, ten strokes
"I was floating on the great wave just outside the arch, with the sea
before me and the stars above my head. Then I thought all safe, but
had to do then was to swim on for a hundred yards, and turn in and
"Let us go, now," she cried, "or the sea will come again, and this
"What then? The water is warm."
At every step it grew deeper, and soon the maiden had to resign his
they were pretty, of course, and she felt no shame. True modesty does
They had reached the portal and were only knee-deep, but before them
"Have no fear," he replied, coming close to her. "Hold your apron!"
the book he had been reading, he lifted her like a feather in his
"You are heavier than you used to be," he said, laughing; while
his neck with the other. Slowly and surely, step by step, he waded
he went deeper, and when he reached the end of the wall the water had
the shore, so that he was soon only knee-deep again. His heart was
the water, unwilling to resign the treasure he held within his arms.
It was then that he turned his face up to hers for the first time; and
And why? It was only this--in the excitement and struggle of the
hallowed as an Eastern woman's face, and is only to be seen by the
his eyes, and the scent of it--who knows not the divine perfume even
He stood now on dry land, but he still held her in his arms. The sweet
There is one supreme emotion in the life of Love which is never to be
eyes for long, but neither quite knew why.
in all the nudity of passion. They had passed in an instant from the
cold clear air to the very heart of Love's fire, and there they moved,
and turned to golden shapes, and lived.
Then, they passed out again, and through the flame, into the common
All this time he held her in his arms, and would not let her go. Her
"I love you, Marcelle!--and you?"
There was only a moment's pause, during which her eyes trembled on his
she closed her eyes, and in answer to him, then and for ever, let her
kiss, and all the life-blood of each heart flowed through that warm
By this time, however, she had recovered herself; so she gently
"Cease, Rohan!" she said softly. "They will see us from the cliffs."
fallen on the dry sand, together with those of Rohan, and the book;
all the contents of her lap. Then she sat down with her back to Rohan,
and drew on her stockings, and could he have marked her face just
turned to him she was quite pale and cool--and the sweet hair was hid.
still trembling from head to foot.
"Marcelle! you love me? ah, but you give me good news--it is almost
He took both her hands in his, and drew her forward to him, but this
"Did you not know?" she said softly.
"I cannot tell; yes, I think so; but now it seems so new. I was afraid
because I was your cousin you might not love me like that. I have
known you all these years, and yet it now seems most strange."
"But you love me, Marcelle?" he cried again.
"No, not as to-day;" and she blushed again.
"It is the men that change, not we women."
"And you will marry me, Marcelle?"
"That is as the good God wills."
"We shall have his blessing too."
"And my brothers also, and my Uncle the Corporal."
After that there was a brief silence. To be candid, Rohan was not
quite sure of his uncle, who was a man of strange ideas, differing
them he would try, being a man of strong measures, to enforce them.
Still, the thought of him was only a passing cloud, and Rohan's face
It was a clear bright day, and every nook and cranny of the great
covered as far as the eye could see with a dim heat, like breath on a
heart of the cliff, wound and wound until it reached the summit; it
was partly natural, partly hewn by human hands: here and there it was
It was a hard pull to the summit, and for a great part of the way
They could have lingered so for ever, since they were so happy.
tell them all. But there is no hurry."
"How should they if we are wise? We are cousins, and we shall meet no
"And when one meets, one need not show one's heart to all the world."
"That is true also. And my mother shall not know."
"Why should she? She will know all in good time. We are doing no
wrong, and a secret may be kept from one's people without sin."
"All the village would talk if they knew, and your mother perhaps most
of all. A girl does not like her name carried about like that, unless
"Perhaps--yes, I think so--but nevertheless who can tell?"
"Then nothing but the good God can keep us asunder, and He is just!"
in sight of a Shape of stone, which, like some gigantic living form,
white as snow by the sea-birds; and down its sides, also, the same
The cross was modern--a sign of capture set there by the new faith.
like crows into the red sunsets of dead Time, and had turned no more;
easily as it obliterates a child's footprints in the sand, But the
creep still closer, and drink it up, as Eternity drinks a drop of dew.
Against all the elements, against wind, rain, snow, yea, even
turned into stone for shedding human blood. For my part, it reminds me
"Who was she?" asked Marcelle. "The name is not of our parish."
took her knowledge from the lips of the priest, and from the pictures
districts the least known of all books is the Bible.
"She was flying away from a city of wicked people, and God told her
not to look back; but women are curious, above all, and she broke
God's bidding, and for that He turned her into a stone like this, only
it was made of salt. That is the story, Marcelle!"
"She was a wicked woman, but the punishment was hard."
"I think sometimes myself that this must once have been alive. Look,
Marcelle! Is it not like a monster with a white beard?"
"The good God forbid," she said.
"Have you not heard my mother tell of the great stones on the plain,
and how they are petrified ghosts of men; and how, on the night of
No�l, they turn into life again, and bathe in the river and quench
"Is it foolish, too, that the stone faces on the church walls are the
devils that tried to burst in when the place was built and the first
mass was said, but that the saints of God stopped them and turned them
"Master Arfoll is a strange man. Some say he does not believe in God."
"Do not listen to them. He is good."
"Did he say that?" asked Rohan in a low voice.
"He did--I heard him--ah, God, the great good Emperor, that any one
alive should speak of him like that! If my uncle had heard him there
would have been blood. It was dreadful! It made my heart go cold."
Rohan did not answer directly. He knew that he was on delicate ground.
When he did speak, he kept his eyes fixed nervously upon the grass.
"That the Emperor has gone too far, that it would be better for France
"More than that; better that he had never been born."
"And you too believe this?" she cried, in a low shuddering whisper,
"He is a devil!" cried the girl, with a fierceness which showed the
in the next world for their unbelief."
interruption, "who loves all his people like his children, who is not
proud, who has shaken my uncle by the hand and called him 'comrade,'
who would die for France, who has made her name glorious over all the
soon! He is next to God and the Virgin and God's Son; he is a saint;
him first, and then for my uncle afterwards. If I were a man, I would
fight for him. My uncle gave him his poor leg--I would give him my
religious ecstasy; she clasped her hands as if in prayer.
"God forbid!" he answered. "I hate no man. But why?"
"Because then I should hate you, as I hate all the enemies of God. I
hate all the enemies of the great Emperor."
quietly put one hand on her arm, and pointed with the other.
Not far from the pillar, and close to the edge of the crag, stood a
The sound of footsteps startled the man, and he turned slowly round.
face, as of one who had looked upon angels.
Only for a moment; then the smile faded, and the old worn pallor
might dislike him when he was absent, but in his presence she was
conscious of a charm. Poor though he was in the world's goods, and
necessary to explain that he was an itinerant schoolmaster, teaching
much secret knowledge, seated in the open meadows in the summer-time,
stone on the summit of the high crags. He was a dreamer, and he had
Men said that his face was pale because of the awful things he had
entered a church, yet he prayed in the open air; he preferred perfect
freedom of religious belief, yet he taught little children to read the
Nature was upon him, and he crept from place to place like a spirit,
It was some months since he had been in that neighbourhood, and his
appearance there at that moment was a surprise.
"I have been far away this time, as far as Brest," was the reply. "Ah,
weeping for her children. There have been great changes, my son; and
there are more changes coming. Yet I return, as you see, and find the
As he spoke, he pointed to the Menhir.
"How should there be good? Ah, but you are children, and do not
and thousands of years ago there was blood on that stone; men were
They perceived now that he held in his hand a book--the old Bible in
the Breton tongue, from which he was wont to teach--and that his
finger was inserted between the leaves as if he had just been reading.
under the very edge of the sea was Kromlaix, with every house and boat
mapped out clearly in the shining sun.
crouched on the very edge of the sea. Scattered among them were wild
though some of them were used for storing nets, sails, oars, and other
edge of the water--for it was high tide now--was the fishing fleet: a
For miles and miles on either side stretches the great ocean wall,
the village just breathing, like a creature at rest.
"what a tale it could tell! I will tell you something it could
on the river's banks full of people who worshipped strange gods."
strange; and they say that if you listen on the eve of No�l you can
hear the bells ringing, and the dead people flocking in the streets,
all, she said, before she died."
"That is an old wife's tale: a superstition--the dead sleep."
"You do not believe," she said. "Ah, Master Arfoll, you believe
little; but Mother Brieux was a good woman, and she would not lie."
"All that is superstition, and superstition is an evil thing,"
wicked rulers and cruel deeds, because they see in them an evil fate.
the earth with blood, and breaks the hearts of all who love their
make all men worship him and die for him as if he were divine."
Then, as if wishing to change the subject, "It is certain, is it not,
that the great City once stood there?"
dig very deep to come upon its traces. Oh yes, the City was there,
theatres, and its statues of the gods; and a fair sight it must have
then our Stone stood here, and saw it all. For the City was built like
many another of our own with human blood, and its citizens were part
of the butchers of the earth, and a sword was at each man's side, and
blood was on each man's hand. God was against them, and their stone
gods could not save them. They were a race of wolves, these old
He wiped them away like weeds from the face of the earth!"
"He lifted his finger, and the sea came up and devoured that City, and
covered it over with rock and sand. Every man, woman, and child were
buried in one grave, and there they sleep."
confessed that he used it in a confusing way to express all sorts of
Meantime they had begun descending the slope that led to the village.
"What is that you read?" he asked.
bore a date of the Revolution, and had been printed in some dark den
books as that; but to-day he was bitter.
"Of what do you read there?" he exclaimed. "Of what but blood, and
battles, and the groans of people under the weight of thrones? Ah,
God, it is too terrible! Even here, in what men call God's own book"--
and he held up the old Bible--"it is the same red story, the same mad
His large wild eyes seemed fixed as in a trance; he did not heed her.
"For ever and ever, now as it was in the beginning, this wild beast's
should see, he should see! And then there would be no more war, for
there would be no more Cains to make it and to drive the people mad!"
against the wicked that have made it great. It is the bad people that
war, and the Emperor is not to blame."
the maiden's worship for the Emperor; how she had been brought up to
is a brave man. But do you, my little Marcelle, want to know what war
He pointed inland, and the girl followed the direction of his hand.
portion of the body was still intact, but the head and the other limbs
is a battlefield, France is a charnel-house, and--well, you were
right, my child!--the Emperor is a god!"
to herself; "if the Emperor heard him talk like that he would be
they say is right," she thought, "it is not his fault--he has grown
By this time they had reached the outskirts of the village. Their way
too full, his brain too busy, and he held his eyes fixed upon the
"Be not impatient to hear bad news--it will come soon enough, my son.
There is a thunderstorm brewing, that is all."
tomb enough; we shall have the waters of the Rhine as well," he added,
solemnly. "We are on the eve of a new conscription."
Rohan trembled, for he knew what that meant.
horror took possession of him. Looking up, he saw in the distance the
broken Calvary, like a sign of misery and desolation.
He was about to speak, when the church gate swung open, and forth from
from which he ever and anon drew his pipe to emit a cloud of smoke,
As he came out of the churchyard, he might have been taken for some
His life was hard, and had been a perilous one. He rose with the lark,
although (to be quite honest) he not unfrequently went to bed with it!
He lived in a dismal hut, where an Englishman would scarcely keep his
cow; he was liable to be called out at any hour and in any weather to
his miseries, the "drink" of the country was vile!
man, indeed, who needed good liquor to loosen his tongue and complete
the earth had been deserted, and himself left all alone with the Enemy
few years. But he was a native of the district, and knew every menhir,
the Revolution and the Civil War. He was a man of no "ideas," and he
performed his priestly functions--such as marrying and giving in
afar, and discussed them with unconcern. He was not the stuff of which
To sum up, his intellectual grasp was small, but his scholastic
both of which he hurled at the heads of new acquaintances in a thick
the parishioner who had not paid his dues, or who attempted in any way
He demanded his rights on principle, and then when they were paid,
whether in the shape of money or grain, he rattled them in his pocket
then, perhaps the very next day, he turned them into bread or wine or
brandy, and shared them among the sick and hungry at his door.
The itinerant shook his head sadly.
"News, father," he exclaimed. "Ah, there is none--only, of course, the
the lands around. I do not think that it can last long--the patience
so much of terror and death that he had no particular horror for them,
or for War. In his heart he loved, as in duty bound, the White better
than the Blue, but he would never have instigated any man to die for
the White. The respectable sort of thing, he believed, was to die,
battles, large and small, to be the expression of an irrepressible
element in human nature, and he was not politician enough to blame any
Master Arfoll continued, in a low voice--"I will tell you something, a
small thing, but a sign of the end. I was stopping in a village far
away east, and I entered the house of a woman who had lost both her
sons in the last campaign, and but a week before buried her husband."
"She was sitting on a form, staring into the fire, and her eyes seemed
fixed and mad. I touched her on the shoulder, and she did not stir; I
before me food and drink. Then she sat down again before the fire, and
I saw that her hair was white, though she was not old. When I had
eaten and drunken--for I was very hungry--I spoke to her again, and
this time she listened, and I told her I was a schoolmaster and was
her children to write and read. She laughed, father--ah, it was a
terrible laugh. 'Go then and seek them,' she cried, pointing to the
door, 'and when you have found them in their graves among the snow,
come back and teach me to curse the hand that killed them and buried
drag him down! Teach me how to kill him, and curse him down into hell-
and cast herself down on her knees, and bit her hair between her teeth
and spat it out. My heart was sick. I could not help her, and I crept
grief; and it moved him little. Nevertheless, in the true spirit of a
"That is but one house out of thousands upon thousands. The curses go
up to God. Shall they not be heard?"
"I care not," cried the schoolmaster. "The Emperor may be a great
man, for he has no heart. Mark me, my father, this is the beginning of
"After all, if the Emperor could but give us peace!"
English, and the Russians, and the Germans would eat us up alive." He
"You have eyes and you can see, my father. It is well to stay at
Kromlaix by the sea, far away from the march of men, but were you to
wander out on the broad highway, you would know. It is all a living
will not allow him to make peace; he declares that it is for peace he
"When last he rode through the streets of Paris, the common people
clamoured to him for peace, peace at any cost. They might as well have
man, and did not hear them. Ah, God! the people are weary, father!
"Master Arfoll has taught you to think with him in many things, and
Master Arfoll is a good man, whether he is right or wrong. But beware,
boldly, might cost you your liberty, and perhaps your life."
majority of people considered simply insane, and in no way responsible
significantly when he had finished. This is not the only instance on
record of the one sane man in a district being mistaken for a Fool.
here has a pair of strong fists, and there are many bold lads left
countries, or in the deep sea, or beneath the snow. I tell you,
has stung her children one by one, and it is now stinging her. Oh, how
The speaker sat on a form in the open sunshine, at his own door, in
the main street of the village. He wore horn spectacles, tied to his
ears by pieces of string, and he held in his hand a paper which he had
His face was as red as a berry; his hair, which was cropped close,
leg, the place of the other being supplied by a sturdy implement of
his hand, he repeated his question--
it seems to me the best blood of the country is drained away already.
who had gone from her, and would not be comforted. That was all."
The veteran did not reply, but rose suddenly to his feet.
"That was all!" he repeated, in a voice like low thunder. As he spoke
his waistcoat pocket, while his right hand made a pass in the air and
Empereur, with his chest thrust forward and his legs wide apart, the
wooden one shut out by the leg of flesh, he looked like a very bad and
got up for the part, and really very much resembling the real thing,
but for his nose, his height, and a certain shakiness in his legs.
It must not be supposed that he was ignorant of his resemblance to his
Emperor and Master. He had been told of it, and he believed and
himself?" or "God save us, it might be the Little Corporal's ghost!"
and he saw his neighbours and his foes beneath his feet, like so many
kings and princes; and he sniffed the air of battle from afar, and,
that he could not hasten to further victories on his wooden leg!
Not that he was irreverent. He knew how far off he was from his Idol;
contagion, and though it had once, like the rest of Brittany, caught a
out, and leave them alone. Of course this could not be; so they
"That was all!" repeated the soldier a second time "Humph!--and you,
"I am sure of it, my Corporal."
The Corporal's face grew red as the tip of his nose, his black eyes
The action gave him time to master the first rush of savage wrath, and
"You may behold them with your eyes, my Corporal," he said. "Women sow
It was time for the little cur� to interfere.
Nevertheless heresy had been uttered, and for the benefit of those who
"Attention!" he cried; as if addressing a file of raw recruits.
"Here!" answered the youth of that name.
All stood in a row, like soldiers regarding their superior.
"Listen, all of you, for it concerns you all. Attention, while I
voice was quite clear and calm.
enough to turn any man's brain, however wise; and you are a scholar,
over the country. Like that a man learns much, but you have something
yet to learn. I have read my history as well as you. France has not
fallen, she is not like that Rachel of whom you speak! She is great!
to say, "There! answer that if you can, good friend!" The youths
smiled at each other. They did not understand the allusion, but it was
The Corporal looked for a rejoinder, but none came.
prominently the medal of the Legion of Honour: and again, this time
with a proud victorious smile, gave the word of command.
of the family, winked at Rohan, as much as to say, "Uncle is going
"These are my boys; they were my poor brother's, and they are mine;
you see them; they are mine, for my brother gave them into my keeping,
and I have been a father to them, and to their sister Marcelle. I call
were little children when I took them, and who has fed them since that
hour? I! Yes, but whose hand has given me the bread I gave to them?
As he spoke, his voice now trembling with emotion, he raised his hat
The veteran replaced his hat upon his head, and held up his hand for
enabled them to become what you see! They have been taught to pray for
said, in a low voice, not raising his eyes from the ground--
The blow struck home, and for a moment the blood was driven from the
mark their graves, three other brothers of the same house, who had
the house, where he knew sat his brother's widow, the mother of those
God, and their bodies are at rest, and they died gloriously as brave
men should die. Is it better to fall like that, or to breathe the last
breath in a coward's bed? to die like a soldier, or to pass away like
Standing on the threshold of the cottage, with her eye flashing and
"Thou shouldst have been a man-child too!" he exclaimed, snuffing
his eyes; "but there, go too!" he added, with a grim laugh, "thou
So saying, he stalked, clip-clop, to the door, and stood there bowing
to-night at thy mother's--I must go now!" Without awaiting any reply,
she moved to and fro like one in a dream, to a music unheard by any
had never done more than kiss her on both cheeks, in the ordinary
Her mother, a simple peasant woman, still retained in her heart all
ceremony in the little chapel, she fell on her knees and prayed
miracles of all the saints. She had escaped the worship of her class
She had been a fruitful woman. Her husband, the Corporal's elder
brother, was a fisherman, who had perished in the great gale of 1796,
and the Corporal, then a private soldier coming home on leave from
Italy, had found her a widow with a large circle of helpless
Then and there, with his brother's children clinging round neck and
had sworn a great oath that he would never marry, but be a father to
the fatherless, a brother to his brother's wife. And he had kept his
strength of idolatry, he had carefully avoided all temptation to waste
his hard-earned rewards; he had sometimes, indeed, been deemed a mean
and a hard man in consequence; but the little family had never wanted,
and the brave man nourished them, as it were, with his very blood.
pay was not illiberal, and he could still do his duty to his
"children," as he ever called them, though he could no longer follow
the great Shadow that was sweeping across the world.
of gratitude and his pocket full of presents for the children, he
freedoms of an old campaigner; and, as we have said, he believed in
God. He was certainly not what people call a good Catholic, for he
Emperor's name with that of the good God.
But in the long winter nights, when the wind swept in from the sea,
open-mouthed to his stories of the great Man who of all living men was
Strange to say, these stories sank deepest into the heart of the
divine, she gave him her heart's worship, with a faith that never
could be shaken, with a love that could never die. She had heard of
him as early as she had heard of God; God and he were in her
On this one day of all her days, on this day of love to be marked for
and in the opposite part of the room was another and smaller bed of
upper portion of the little cottage, the earthen floor of which was
baked hard as bricks by the heat of an ever-burning fire.
fashion, with her large eyes fixed on the glow.
two years, made her the subject of divers practical jokes.
spoken a word for hours, and she stares this way and that, like mad
and she works too hard. She does not lounge about like you others,
full house, and two pair of women's hands have hard work to keep it in
to clear away the remnants from the table.
"That is all very well," said Jannick, stretching out his long
"What does the boy mean?" inquired the widow.
"Fetch thy heart's delight and let him try," he cried. "Mother, ask
"Wast thou there to-day, my child?"
There was no hesitation in the reply.
"It is a long way to walk. What took thee so far, my child?"
"I went down the Ladder of St. Triffine on to the shore to look for
dulse, and the tide was low, and I wanted to see the great Gate and
lost one of these days, like thy father. A maid's work is in the
yet save once, from thy father's boat, when he took me out with him in
and we looked, all, in at the Gate. We were too far to make out faces,
but what we saw was this: a man like a fisherman wading up to his
waist, and carrying a maiden in his long arms. The tide was high, and
he carried her round from the Gate, and sat her down upon the shore.
"Mother! ask her if she went to the Gate of St. Gildas alone!"
see nothing strange. I found a comrade on the beach, and he guided me
through the Gate, and after that, when the tide rose, he carried me
Rohan, and but for his help, mother, I might have been drowned this
with the family was so close that they elicited little.
should not have wandered there. It is no place for maids, nor for any
Here for a space the conversation ceased; but that night, when all the
told her all. She had intended to be silent, but she could not bear
solicitude and anxiety, all about the house.
The mother was not altogether unprepared for the reception of the
not the husband she would have chosen for her only daughter. He was
half-sister for having such a son. His physical beauty and his
affectionate disposition were both known to her, and she loved him
believing that there was any danger of a love affair; and lo! here lay
that covered her daughter's breast.
other, and these two at once came to an arrangement. It was promised,
on the mother's side, that no notice should be taken at present of
what had occurred; that all the family, and the Corporal in
measure one of the family; and, finally, that not one word should be
so far from home, or in any way do more to awaken suspicion or cause
made in a moment of passion was in no way binding, and that all would
depend on the good or bad opinion of the widow and the Corporal.
initiative, instead of leaving themselves to be disposed of by their
elders in the usual fashion. Properly speaking, and according to
then have been the Corporal's task to consult the widow, and if the
To have refused an excellent match, arranged for her by her superiors,
even if the match was with one whose face she had never seen, would
as those of a girl who had actually committed a breach of chastity.
undressing in the upper chamber that night, she would have felt that
her prayers were almost useless.
the widow, fatigued with a long day's work, slept soundly and
toilette with a rapture which she had never known before.
attire. The chief furniture in the room was a table and a form; on the
from the chest, fixed in a frame against the wall, was a rude mirror
shoulders, she gazed at her image in the glass, and blushed to see it
Then, thoroughly pleased with herself, she smiled; and the image
answered her from the darkness of the wall. She bent closer, as if to
carried away by an impulse she could not resist, she put her red lips
against the glass, close against the lips of the image, in one long,
too, would have prayed to have it with her in her grave.
chair, and bowing her face between her hands, began to pray.
Right over her head painted on cardboard, and hung against the wall,
was a figure of Our Lady, with the Infant in her lap holding a lily
Presently, in a low clear voice, she prayed for those who loved her
and whom she loved. For the soul of her dead father, for the old
moment. Then uncovering her eyes, she looked up, not at the picture of
Our Lady and her Son, but at another picture, less large and highly
coloured, which hung on the same wall.
It was that of a Man in soldier's costume, standing on an eminence and
"And lastly, O merciful God, for the sake of Jesus thy Son and Our
Holy Mother and all the Saints, preserve the good Emperor, and give
him victory over his enemies, and cast down the wicked who seek to
destroy him and his people, and fill his lap with blessings, for the
sake of the blessings he has given us. Amen, Amen!"
into bed; and very soon after she is sound asleep; while the old
place above her head, and the figures of the Virgin and of St.
Napoleon, side by side, remain near her through the watches of the
thus beholds them in the loneliness of the night, since it is his
Kromlaix--even here, where most men would die of old age were it not
under the shadow of the Menhir, floating close to the Gate of St.
white as snow, and has seen--ah, God, with his living eyes has seen!--
for sure it is that that man's shroud is woven, and all that remains
they gossiped over the news. Here, night or day, whenever it was low
water, they gathered, old and young; and, naturally enough, the
Fountain was the leading centre of all the scandal and gossip of the
Master Arfoll did not laugh, but kept his sad eyes fixed, as he said--
lame, and hath a great hunch on one shoulder, and two of his right-
"God has been very good to him!" said Master Arfoll quietly.
"To him--and to his poor old mother. Better, Rohan, in these days to
There was a long pause. Both men watched the Fountain and the sea, but
reflection rather than opening a subject.
"After all, my name will be on the list!"
quickly; a laugh with no joy in it, only desperation.
"God forbid?--I am sick of hearing God's name mentioned so!"
suffered nothing; I have lost all; and yet I say to you now, my son,
as I would say to you in your despair: God forbid--that I should doubt
"And yet, mark you, He suffers these things."
Man, not God, is the scourge of man. God made the world beautiful, and
God is joy; the wicked are unhappy, see you, and they do not know
"Who knows Him, then?--Those only who weep?"
the Voice within my own heart, answering all the voices that cry
to any man, 'Follow me!' Tell me then--is this the will of God?"
"And a man would be justified in answering the Emperor, 'No, I will
"There is no escape--he who is called must go!"
"But first answer--would that man be justified?"
"Then, remember, if ever that call should come to me, if ever the
the world should be against me, even what I loves best, I will be
firm; though the Emperor himself should summon me, I will defy him.
They may kill me, but they cannot make me kill. Master Arfoll, if the
"God forbid, indeed," he thought, "that the lot should ever fall on
him! He is a lamb now, for he has known only green fields and the
of battle would change him into a wild beast!"
moon keeps awake in the tree-tops.
She was not a popular member of that assembly, for she had two great
drawbacks in the eyes of the women--her beauty, and her connection
As a rule, the Fountain (the place of many pools was always spoken of
thus, in the singular number) was a scene of extraordinary animation
As for the younger females, they clustered together, and discussed
ear, and she had paused to listen.
"Ah, mon Dieu! it is all true enough, little Joan, as some of us shall
soon know to our sorrow!" cried one of the women.
"It will be a sore day for Kromlaix," said another, looking up from
time, and he has never come back yet."
"Ah, but he lives!" said the first speaker.
or a friend to pray their poor souls to God!"
She drew a heavy breath, while her face was contorted with agony, but
she had a mighty man's heart, which would break rather than find
"No one says it is not true," said the girl called Joan, a small but
adult girl who walked lame, "but the time is not fixed, and some say
the Emperor himself does not know his plans. It may be a year--two
conceive--that the lists do not mean very much. The men may not be
wanted for a long time; and, again, there may be peace, and no one may
"One cannot understand why the Emperor does not make peace. Is he not
"The Emperor!--Say the Devil, and all is said--does the Devil make
"Silence, Yvonne Penvenn; you have no right to say such things; and as
"You know well that what I say is true, and the good God knows I pity
you, but you should not talk as you do Listen! It is the English who
will not let the Emperor make peace."
have bought over all the kings with their gold, and they will not
suffer him. Have you seen a swarm of wasps round a man going to market
can keep him troubled--they can prevent him from making peace!"
"But why, then," asked a young matron, "is the sergeant in such a
all--or only after six months or a year--why should there be such
haste to get the names? For my part, I understand it all--the Emperor
has a new plan in his head, and we shall hear of it before harvest."
chance; and the lots are in God's hands, after all."
other. "There is hope yet, and to blame the Emperor is not fair."
She was a young mother, and all her children were little fledglings,
the old woman who had last arrived. "I cried then; but now I do not
"For our part, we are safe," cried Joan; "I have only one brother, and
the Emperor does not take the only sons."
"It is a good thing," she cried, with a scornful laugh, "to have three
full-grown brothers left, and none of them cowards. One of mine, at
One or two girls echoed the sentiment: it is so easy to be courageous
when one is in no personal peril.
"But as for your only sons," she continued, "the Emperor has changed
the blind and the poor idiots will have to go if 'tis the Emperor's
"That the only sons will be drawn. That is what the sergeant says, but
despairingly--"Ah, God, it cannot be true. The sergeant says that no
one will be exempt--no one at all, but it cannot be true. I have
talked to the sergeant, and he says the Emperor must have men--
thousands, millions--soon! It is to cut the throats of the Germans,
and that is just. But the Emperor shall not have my boy. I have prayed
that the Emperor might have victories; while he left me my boy, I say,
I have prayed for the Emperor every night. The others are dead--they
"Have no fear, Mother Goron!" she said. "The sergeant knows all that--
and that you have no one but Jan. He will not let him be put down in
the lists, and even if his name was drawn, he would not suffer him to
cunning; they cheat in the drawing, and take the best. And the Emperor
the light of the moon, which had now grown brighter, and was lying
like silver on the sands and on the sea. As she reached the shadow of
hands to take the pitcher of water.
"Let me carry it for you--it is heavy!"
He persisted, but she would not suffer him to release her of her
"You are late at the Fountain, Marcelle. The tide has turned."
"Will you not come in?" she said, setting down her pitcher.
The street was empty, and they were quite alone.
He had both her hands now, and was drawing her face quietly to his.
All at once she drew back, laughing, and said--
"After all, then, the news is true!"
"What news?" he asked, kissing her.
"There will be more war. The Emperor is mad against the Germans."
It was as if the lips of a corpse had been put to his; he drew back
"What is the matter?" she asked softly.
"It is nothing; only the night is cold. And so there will be more war?
Well, that is old news at the best."
and his voice did not tremble. All at once, and absolutely for the
first time, it flashed upon the girl, looking in his face, that this
The maid hung her head, still with both her hands clasped in his, and
girl, coming close to him and putting both her arms around his neck,
so that he could feel her heart beating against his own, kissed him
passionately on the lips of her own accord.
drawn, and if so, thou wilt leave me--thou wilt go away to serve the
great Emperor, and to fight for France. I will not speak falsely--I am
praying that thou mayst not go; but if thou goest, I will not cry--I
will be brave. It is hard to part with one's best beloved--ah yes, it
is hard; but it is for the Emperor's sake--and, for that what would we
not do? If it is his will and God's, I will not be sorry. Nay, then, I
She passed her hands across her eyes, which were moist with tears.
of the street. He had not answered her, nor interrupted her; he was
him. He felt now, for the first time, how far their feelings ran
that was pursuing him, he seemed as a man gone mad.
Nevertheless, as he walked in the moonlight hour after hour that
"I have sworn it, O my God! Never, never!"
all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast; and
against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment: I am the Lord!
And the blood shall be for a token upon the houses where my people
ago, and the passover lambs were slain, and the Angel of the Lord
passed over the houses where the blood was set as a token, and the
Lord's chosen were saved, and all the hosts of the Lord went out from
So was it in Egypt long ago, and there was safety at least for those
the Lord loved. So was it not in France at the opening of this
dwellings of the people, there was a great darkness, and blood indeed
Moscow to Paris, little daunted by the loss of 500,000 men, little
children. How had he been greeted by the people of his Empire? With
there went up a bitter cry--"We beseech thee to hear us, O Lord!"
"We beseech thee to hear us, O Lord!"
He brooded in the midst of his city, and his eyes surveyed the silent
earth. As a spider in the heart of its web, he lay and waited in the
because, as a sovereign, he was perfectly incapable of realising the
consequence of his own deeds--because, in fact, he did not possess
allotted to common men, to men who are in no respect great.
It is curious, as illustrating this truth, that Napoleon, when he saw
in any shape, and, like Goethe, he carefully avoided it. As a human
being he had his humanities. As a great man, as the conqueror of
They were not far wrong, therefore, though they expressed the truth in
War-monster which he had himself created, and which, from the hour of
his creation, never suffered him to sleep in peace.
He might be as God to the people; to this Monster he was a slave.
"Thou hast created me out of chaos--feed me: my food is human life.
Bride, that my race may increase, and inhabit the earth." And the name
Red Angel, speeding across the land in the darkness of the night; and
the earth, and at dawn the crimson signs were on the doors.
hundred thousand and ten thousand presented himself as a lamb for the
the people had never known a more promising time. The air was full of
sweetness, the heavens were blue and peaceful, the sea like a mirror.
Drawing of Lots was close at hand.
hand, making the signal of the Conscription.
pretence to cross the frontier--had been turned into regular troops of
the line; while the sailors and marines of the French fleet had been
of the Conscription of 1814--a force of some two hundred thousand raw
National Guard, would comprise a new army of at least 340,000 men.
there was silence and a great dread. It was soon made known far and
to go. As to purchasing a substitute, that would be out of the
the agony of suspense. The ballot was to take place at once, in the
The morning of the fatal day came soon, and came with blue skies,
white clouds, and the softest of winds upon the sea.
"Soul of St. Gildas!" he muttered to himself; "it is a good omen. The
Here, however, he heaved a sigh, and looked down contemptuously at his
When all his preparations were finished, he sat down, in his shirt
sleeves, before the fire--which he had already lit with his own
He was an early riser, and invariably the first to move about the
house and light the fire. He would cook his own breakfast, too, upon
occasion, with the skill of an old campaigner.
in the kitchen; the other, just vacated by the Corporal, was lying
"Thou, little one! But where is thy mother?"
"She sleeps still, and I did not waken her; it is still early."
of it. Bright as the day might seem to him, to her it was a day of
trouble; and all night long she had been weeping and thinking of her
looking out into the street, the young giants rose and were soon
herself white as a ghost, and very silent.
little girl passed, going to the fountain, for it was low water. The
little girl wore a tight white cap, wooden shoes, and a stiff bright.
Maturin and my brothers. There will be great fun--as good as at the
And she ran on down the street, smiling gaily and singing to herself
was too young to comprehend sorrow in any shape.
somehow her mother's tears had troubled her, and she was thinking very
composed of such passionate elements, that she could not bear to lose
The others joined with a certain enthusiasm, for the cider was good,
little bread, but her mother did not turn round.
courage! See now, all the world will not be drawn, and perhaps none of
thine. If the worst comes to the worst, little woman, thou wilt be
proud to serve the Emperor in his trouble, and he may send thee back
what thou lovest safe and sound."
The widow's answer was a deep sigh. As for the young men, they looked
"For my part," cried Ho�l, "I shall take my chance. If I go, I go. It
The old Corporal struck his fist on the table.
"It is all very well to talk," said Ho�l, "when one is a woman."
the fact that his nephews had heard him almost too often. "This is the
way to look at it, mother! When a man's time comes, when the Angel
with the white face arrives and knocks, we must get up and let him in.
It is no matter where he hides--on land or sea, here or there--he will
staying at home if it is God's will that you should die."
"That is quite true, Uncle Ewen," said the widow, "but--"
The Corporal waved his hand with a grim smile.
"Look at me, mother! Look at thy good man's brother, little woman! I
have been a soldier--I have seen it all--I have dined on thunder and
lived to see him crowned Emperor of France!--and a year after that I
laughed, since it was for the Emperor. But, see you, I did not die--I
live to tell you all this. I have had bullets round me like rain, but
by the Hand you know, and not a man falls but it is God's will."
sometimes turning to his sister-in-law and Marcelle, the veteran
was to a certain extent successful, and even the mother assumed a sort
uniform with the cross of the Legion of Honour upon his breast, his
events, they determined not to show the white feather.
If a quivering lip or a wet cheek was visible here and there, it was
laughing and shouting as the groups gathered, and more than one man
There was a cheer in the street, and the party was soon joined by many
indifference. Her thoughts were elsewhere. She was looking up and down
the street for one tall figure; but it was not there.
The Corporal, too, was on the qui vive.
"He is late," he muttered. "Pest on him, to lie a-bed on such a day as
close to the old cabaret, which was distinguished by the bunch of
down in the list, yet he delays."
yesternight, and he told me he should be too busy to go--that thou or
his duty like a man on that day of all days! Soul of a crow! it was
But the Corporal shook his head, and would not believe it.
patron saint often invoked by his brother's wife, "it is unheard of--
matters little, for the luck will be the same; and if the lot is
against me, I shall be as content as if I had drawn myself." He had
said this in the twilight, and his voice was firm; and, fortunately or
unfortunately, she had not seen the terrible expression on his face.
As they left the village and hastened along the road they found
themselves with many other groups going the same way--women young and
old, aged men, young fishermen, and even little boys and girls. As
middle of a fertile valley, but the road to it was through a waste
Chapter 13. THE DRAWING OF LOTS. "ONE!"
a few miles he was glad enough to take a seat in a rude cart which was
nowhere to be seen--nor, indeed, the maiden thought to herself any man
far from the town--which was now visible in the sunlight before them--
fatigue; but as they lifted her up, not ungently, she fainted away.
When she recovered she did not speak a word, but sat staring like one
in a dream. She was very weak and feeble, and the mental anxiety and
cart's side, for she still held his hand firmly, and would not let it
granite opening on the narrow streets, and old-fashioned churches
crowds of men and women were jostling together, and all sorts of
In the corner of the square stood a miserable stone building, in front
on the surface. Everything had been done to impart to the affair the
agents of the Government were circulating among the peasantry,
of the young men who were to take their chance that day were
and blows were given and taken. Of all the faces gathered there, only
conquered--for a pretty maid is always a power, and most of all to the
"Uncle," she whispered, as she crossed the threshold under the
As he entered the sacred precincts he took off his hat. Squeezing his
At the upper end of the hall, before a large table on which stood the
end of the table sat a clerk with a large open book, ready to register
against each name as it occurred the numbers as they were drawn; and
Army, ready to read the number aloud for the edification of the
After this drawing, there was still one solitary chance of escape. A
had been selected, the Conscription would be over, and the conscripts
nephews close behind him, in the very front row.
Now, as we have said, Uncle Ewen was a well-known character, and so
He knew his cue well, and he was not the man to overlook or snub one
"You are welcome," said the maire again, "and I see you bring us an
who is that pretty girl at your side? Surely she is not upon the
"She is my niece, m'sieu, and these are her brothers; whose names are
merry, and, strange to say, some of those who had drawn fatal
Alain drew out his paper, read it rapidly, and without moving a muscle
of his countenance, handed it to the Sergeant.
"Alain Derval--one hundred and seventy-three!"
Main came back with real or assumed disappointment on his face.
"What a man!" whispered the maire to his neighbour.
did not seem well pleased; but he shrugged his shoulders as he handed
the hand evinced little enthusiasm. "But I don't care," he said, "if
There was a slight pause here, the clerks writing busily in their
is very strange, but Rohan is not here. What is to be done? He will be
"There is but one way!--I will draw for him!"
made me promise to do so if he did not come."
Business was brisk again, and the Sergeant read out loudly--
opening it, was about, in his nervousness, to hand it to the Sergeant.
"Read it first!" the Sergeant said.
The man, with one pathetic glance at his mother, opened it, and read
mother, who had fainted away at the good news.
The fisherman came forward nervously, cap in hand. He was very white,
Grallon had drawn before, and had always been lucky; but this did not
"Where is the man?" asked the maire, pausing and frowning.
"What sayest thou, little one?" said the maire. "His sweetheart,
Well, thou shalt draw for him, and bring him luck!"
hand into the box. She let it stay there so long that the officers
She drew forth a paper, and handed it to the Corporal, who opened it,
read it with a stare, and uttered his usual oath.
her uncle and hid her face upon his arm.
Had the Corporal and his party, as they paused in the centre of
carefully searched the water, they might have perceived far out to sea
falling off and running along with the calm breath of the morning
had urged it, with sail and oar, out to sea, until, at a distance of
several miles from land, with the water surrounding him on every side,
He had seen such a picture often, but never with such emotions as this
even more dangerous--the strength of an unconquerable will.
when they catch from far away the murmur of voices and the sound of
Well, he had thought it all over, again and yet again, and the more he
dread. He knew his name was at last on the lists of the Conscription;
happened, as he feared, resistance to the death.
would be against him; but this did not shake his resolve in the least.
He would not serve the Monster of his abhorrence: he would rather die.
It would be most tedious and difficult to describe the long series of
rapidly at the history of his mind. To begin with, he was a man whose
and looked at him with human eyes. His immense physical strength had
is unquestionable; but he had the affections of a man, as well as the
Courage of a certain sort he did not lack; that we have shown already.
He had no equal in daring among the cliffs or upon the sea; and his
fact is not to be denied, the mere dread of being drawn for the
enormous strength, and make him tremble to the very soul.
nature, he would never have felt the subtleties of either love or
terror, the ecstasies of either freedom or fear, if he had never known
mingled with strange tales of the Time of Terror, and had followed in
his mind, perhaps during the same hour, the mystery of the birth of
could not comprehend. Sometimes, and notably in this instance, they
And the more that Rohan's thoughts grew, the more food they received.
As in a glass darkly, he got bloody glimpses of the history of
leaders to misery and death, and he thanked the good God who made him
he became conscious that Humanity, in the failure of the French
Revolution, had lost the mightiest of its chances; that instead of the
world. With his own eyes, year by year, he had seen the Angel of the
for a sign; with his own ears, year after year, he had heard the
rejoicing in his strength and freedom, for the martyrs of the
And now perhaps his turn had come!
he rose and fell in the stillness of the morning light.
The freedom of the waters was with him, and he breathed now securely.
As the hours rolled on, the sea-breeze rose a little, and he let the
bird was disturbed; he might almost have reached them with his hand.
He leant over the boat's side, and suddenly, like a lightning flash,
to the non-tropical shark. There was a tremor and a trouble of life
numberless creatures of the ocean he seemed to see the passing of
and the horror of the Deep troubled him, and he threw up his face to
seemed very cruel and dreadful. He was face to face with the law of
life, that one thing should prey upon another; and here, in the
chances were against him, and the Conscription, he knew, had a
and spare him yet. Then he went over in his mind the names of fellow-
his fellows. It did not even occur to him that his escape would be
he knew his fate he would be prepared, but he could not know it yet.
He had been accustomed to go for long days without food, and this day
he neither ate nor drank. All his hunger and thirst were in his eyes,
against it, towards the shore; and now the sun had declined so far
that the purple shadow of the boat ran beside him on the sea, and
stood up in the boat and gazed eagerly up the hill, where the sunlight
not another boat was upon the water but his own. The whole village
sound of music and of human voices.
Then they came flying downhill.
His first impulse had been to land and meet them. Strange to say,
within him. He saw the children and old women coming out to the house
the crowd from the town as they marched down nearer and nearer, he
heard the murmur of many voices.
Then, instead of hastening to land, he turned his boat's head round,
and ran, with a free sheet, out again to sea.
little creek below his mother's house.
All was still here, though a confused murmur came from the village.
rope, placed there for the purpose, and put it safely above high-water
listening, and while doing so, he became conscious of dark figures
In another minute he found himself surrounded by an eager crowd, and
as the light from the door fell upon his face, all uttered a shout.
"Here he is at last!" cried a voice, which he recognised as that of
Chapter 15. "THE KING OF THE CONSCRIPTS?"
crossed the threshold he saw the kitchen was full of men and women, in
On a form close to the fire, with her face covered with her apron and
but pale as death, he strode across the floor to his mother's side.
"What is the matter? What brings you all here?"
drawn, and thou art to serve the Emperor--that is all!"
Gildas, who had entered by this time, approached, holding out his hand
with a feeble hiccup. It was clear that he had been drinking deep, for
"Is this true?" he panted. "Tell me--some one who is sober!"
on Rohan's shoulder. They were old friends and companions.
"It is all over, as they say. God has been good to me and my mother,
There was a general murmur of condolence from the old women, and a
adding, while the men shrank back before him, "It is false! you are
doing this to make a jest of me! How can I be drawn? I was not there!"
The Corporal, who, like the rest, had imbibed a little, replied, with
a wink at the conscripts--"Oh yes, that is all very well, but the
be skulking in a corner when he should be standing forth like a man!
looked at him with questioning eyes.
A hard struggle had gone on in the heart of the girl. When first she
risen up in her heart, until, carried away by her uncle's enthusiasm,
she forgot her self-reproach, and determined to act an heroic part in
all the scenes which were to follow.
and she did not calculate for any extraordinary resistance on the part
Kromlaix; and yet, when the hour came and they were called, they made
Corporal, to complete the picture, had stuck one upon his own breast.
"Keep back! Do not touch me!" he cried with outstretched arm.
"The boy is mad!" cried the Corporal.
it is so? I had it from thine own lips, and I drew in thy name, and
convulsively; his eyes were still fixed upon the ground. In a moment
Another cheer rose, and the Corporal nodded, as much as to say, "That
"And now--forward!" cried the Corporal. "We will drink his health."
There was a movement towards the door, but suddenly Rohan started as
if from a trance, and cried--"Stay!"
"You are all mad, I think, and I seem going mad too. What is this you
tell me about a Conscription and an Emperor? I do not understand. I
only know you are mad, and that my uncle there is maddest of all. You
say that my name is drawn, and that I must go to be killed or to kill?
I tell you only God can draw my name, and I will not stir one foot,--
the Corporal, he cried; "Your Emperor can kill me, but he cannot
compel me to be a soldier. Before God. I deny his right to summon me
to fight for him, for he is a Devil. If every man of France had my
heart, he would not reign another day, for he would have no army, no
"It seems to me that there is only one word for my cousin Rohan. He is
of our father the Emperor. And yet he lives!"
and his other antagonists, but still clasping his mother's hand.
of her son, and she cried through her tears--
the boy is not well, is under a charm--we will try to think so, my
braves. He may come to-morrow and ask forgiveness of the good Emperor,
and pray to be allowed to join you others who fight for your country.
If not, mark you, we will come to fetch him; he shall not disgrace us
without a cause. He thinks he is very strong, but that is a man's
strength against ours, against the Emperor's? I tell you we will hunt
him down if need be--like a fox, like a dog; and look you, I his uncle
without his will he will join you, remember that; and if he goes
did not mean all he said; he spoke in passion, and then men do not
utter their right minds. And he is no coward, but a brave man--yes,
At this there was a general groan.
"I will not be silent, for it is my fault, and it is I that have
it might not be so, but God has willed it--God and His saints, who
will watch over you when you go to war!"
Rohan looked sadly into the girl's face, and when he saw the wet eyes,
the quivering lips, his heart was stirred. He took her hand and kissed
An ill-favoured face was suddenly thrust forward between them.
"It is a pity, is it not," cried Mikel Grallon, "to see a pretty girl
fell like a log. A wild cry arose from all the men, the women
"Arrest him!" cried the corporal.
cursing by the side of his brother.
unmolested out into the darkness.
the Revolution, when a loud knock came at the door.
Rohan shook his head, and continued to stand.
"I have been drawn for the Conscription. My own hand did not draw the
drawing; but it would be equal--I knew from the first there could be
thought it over and over and I will rather die. You open your eyes
amazed, as if you did not understand. Well, understand this--I will
mother and miserable son had come to him for advice--but none had
spoken like this man. They had come in tears and gone in tears,
"You are drawn?--I am sorry for you, my poor fellow, but you will have
"Although I am my mother's only son?"
this time. It is hard, but the Emperor must have men."
the latter's great discomfort. At last he spoke.
will not spare me, my countrymen will not help me. So I have come to
and to you that war is abominable, that the Emperor is a devil, that
France is a shambles. I will keep your God's commandment--that is, I
will do no murder; I will not obey the Emperor--that is, I refuse to
do wickedness because I am tempted by the Devil. Your God is a God of
now! It is for His help that I have come."
It was difficult to tell whether the speaker's manner was quite
"My son, you should be on your knees when you come asking help from
prayer, He grants much--perhaps all. It seems to me you are angry. It
Rohan answered at once, in the same tone.
"I know that; I have heard it before. Well, I have prayed often, but
who are a good man, with a heart for the poor--is it right that these
wars should take place? is it right that five hundred thousand men
should have perished as they did with last year's snow? is it right
that the Emperor should now call for nearly four hundred thousand
other, to wade in each other's blood to the ankles? If all this is
right, then, mark you, Christ is wrong, and there is no place left in
Then, standing before the fire and putting on a severe look, he
"You do not understand these things. I do not say that you have no
cause for complaint, but as to what you say, there has always been
war, and it is in the Book of God. Men are quarrelsome, look you; so
are nations; and a nation or a man, it is all one. If a man struck
thee on one cheek, hold up to him the other'?"
"That is the letter, mon garz, but we must look to the spirit. Ah yes,
the spirit is the thing! Now, we are alone, and I will tell you
honestly I do not love the Emperor; he has been rough with the Holy
Father, and he is not a King by Divine Right; but there he is, and we
must obey, all of us--the Church as well as you others. I will give
to look at it. Your soul belongs to God, and He will watch over it;
but as for your perishable body, it belongs in the meantime to--
humph!--well, to C�sar--in other words, to the Emperor!"
"To whom?" he asked in a hollow voice.
The priest crossed himself and approached the prie-dieu.
"How is that, my son? Come, prayer will soothe your troubled spirit,
and let you hear the still voice of God."
"No, I cannot pray; least of all to Him."
"Do not be angry, Father Rolland; I am not to be won by fear. You are
a good man, but your God is not for this world, and it is this world
"Father, I love my life, and my strength, and the woman that is in my
heart, and my mother--all these I love; and peace. You call my body
dust; well, it is precious to me; and my soul says, 'Other men, too,
at any man's bidding. I will defend myself if I can, that is all;
"Stay! stay! my poor fellow, I will assist you if I can."
died long ago, and He will never come again; it is the Emperor who
sank into a chair, and wiped the perspiration from his forehead.
She was alone, the poor weeping mother not having yet retired to rest;
chance of that, for the country was all on the qui vive for deserters,
and no boats of any size were putting to sea. For all that, he was un
Infant and of St. Napoleon. For the soul of her dead father, for the
back to me from the terrible wars, and make him forgive me for drawing
his name out of the lists, and grant me now thy grace, that I may
Then she looked up, as was her nightly custom, at the picture of the
Mother and all the Saints, preserve the good Emperor, for whom my poor
over his enemies, and bring him back to us safe, as thou bringest
She rose and walked across the room to the window. The moon was
shining bright, for it was at the full.
she saw the figure of a man, leaning and looking up at her window.
She crept close to the window and opened it. The moon shone on her
He had answered that call, but this time he did not come. He looked up
On a bright sunny day, about a week after the drawing of lots in the
away, a strange group. In the centre sat an elderly man, with a book
him, some looking over his shoulders, others seated on the ground--a
five and twenty, who wore a broad beaver hat and an old-fashioned
sat with his mouth and eyes wide open, a model of stupidity and
Arfoll's shoulders, a little boy and a little girl of six--the most
peasant--in a black suit, tiny sabots, and a broad-brimmed hat; the
little old man and woman, the girl with her hands folded primly on her
bosom, the boy with his little hands stuck firmly in the waistband of
Inland, scattered here and there, sometimes surrounded by fir trees,
of pasture, and stretching along the low granite cliffs of the sea.
he sat, could trace the sea-coast for many miles away--the blue capes
cast its dark shadow on the grass.
The girl came closer, put her little face close into the book, and
time, fared no better than before.
Presently, when the adult peasant came up to try, it was worst of all.
great delight in the pursuit of knowledge, and when the other pupils,
grinned and scratched his head with the utmost good-humour.
It was a scene for a painter. The sun shone brightly on the happy
rising ever higher and higher, a lark was singing.
All listened eagerly; it was a story, like one of the tales told at
"Pour forth, I beseech thee, O Lord, Thy grace into the hearts of
these Thy children; that they, when the time comes, may know Thee and
even as brute beasts of the field. Enlighten them, since they need
light. Amen! Teach them, since they are willing to be taught. Amen!
of love and peace, and may they meet at Thy great Supper, when the
days of their life are done. Amen, Amen!"
"That is enough for to-day," he said, with his hand on little Katel's
head. "To-morrow we will meet here, my children, at the same hour."
"Tell thy mother I will stay with her to-night."
"Nay, that is not fair," cried out one of the older girls. "You
this way and that, the two young boys running with shouts and cries
teachers, educated by the Church, who travelled from village to
conditions. Sometimes in the fields, in the intervals of labour;
liked to stay, and had a certain honour among the ignorant people; for
an odour of sanctity hung about them, seeing that they had been reared
in the bosom of the Church. They passed thus from village to village,
till they were too weak to travel any longer afoot; then some of them,
were scattered as sparks, and most of them disappeared for ever.
During the later years of the Empire, when it was most the cue of
At the time of the Revolution, Master Arfoll must have been about
seeing his face before about the beginning of the new century. His
reported that he had been a dweller in one of the great cities, and
that there, during the years of Terror, he had known such experiences
However that may be, the people knew him and loved him. A good man,
called hard in a certain sense, but it was nevertheless the life of
towards the sea. He had been "sowing his seed," and he felt happy. A
hand, and with both hands behind his back, he moved past the moss-
He was passing by, when suddenly he heard a sound behind his back; at
the same moment, a hand was placed upon his shoulder. He turned
quickly, and there, as if sprung from the very bowels of the earth,
It does not take many hours, of hunting to turn a human being into an
man I thought you would never have done."
"It has come as I feared--that is all."
"And I am drawn!" answered Rohan. "Ten days ago was the drawing, and
the day before yesterday was the medical inspection. A week since old
Unfortunately, I was not at home, and could not entertain them."
clear to the schoolmaster, and infinite pity filled his heart.
since we parted, and it has come to this. It is a sad fatality, my
Rohan turned his face away, to hide the mist that clouded his eyes.
"I knew that it was coming, and it came, though I did not attend the
came to arrest me. My own friends were worst, for they could not bear
that they should go and I should escape. Four days ago they hunted me
from home. I laughed at them, for I knew the ways a thousand times
better than they. Well, I was in despair: I thought of thee. I have
sabots and to run; but a soldier caught me by the sleeve, as you see.
"I questioned at night, when they could not recognise me, and I found
you might accompany them up to the farms. Then I sprang out, as you
and the purple shadows of the capes stretched out far away.
"Speak, then! what am I to do?"
Master Arfoll started, for he had been plunged in deep thought.
"My son, it is terrible!--I am stupefied---I cannot advise you, for I
are precious now, and they will rejoice over thee. Otherwise I see no
way; for if they find thee afterwards, it is death."
"I know that; but in any case I can die, and they shall not take me
alive against my will. But say, is this your advice, that I should
"That I should become a soldier of the Emperor?"
it will be thy fault if it takes any creature's life; and then, thou
"No more. I know no other hope, my son."
"Can I not escape?--out of France?--to another country?"
"If I could reach Morlaix, where there are ships!"
for thou art a man in a hundred. Thou hast felt it already. They would
discover thee, and then,--no mercy!"
"To yield myself up! To become a soldier of the Emperor! Well, that is
not fair; for I am a man. When a man swears an oath before God it is
that man's place to keep it or die. My father, do you remember that
night when we watched the women at the Fountain, and when I asked you
instructing for the best. But now he was reminded, as in many a
common creature, but one made in the most unique mould of nature.
for it bade me break my oath. I said I would never become a soldier;
creature's death; that I might be killed, but that I would never kill.
The time has come, and I am to be proved. You say there is no escape;
but, as I said before, I can die."
trembled at them, though there were no tears on his own. They walked
slowly on, till they came to the edge of the cliffs, and saw beneath
remark to another, "There will be wind to-night, and rain. Look at
that bank of clouds creeping up in the south-west."
him, placing one hand on his shoulder.
"I am angry with myself. To be so weak! to feel so helpless! to know
such things are done, and yet be unable to lift a hand! My son, I
deserved your rebuke, for you are right and I was wrong. It is wrong
to acquiesce in evil, even to save one's life; it is accursed to draw
I say in my heart, 'God bless him! he is right!--he is a brave man,
and were I indeed his father I should be proud of such a son."
Stretching out his hands, he cried--
"My father, you have spoken at last, and it was for those words I
face a look which, if seen in a poet or a musician, would be called
"I came for those words! All are against me, save my mother and thou!
all are against me, even the one I love best in the world. A good
art my good father, and to go to war is dishonour, though they think
me now thy blessing, and let me go!"
"My blessing! Rohan, it is not worth giving! You would say so, if you
thou wast once a Priest. Your words, your love, have made me what I
am, and your blessing will make me better and stronger still. You have
justified. Now bless me, and leave all the rest to God."
He bowed his head; and then and there, touching his hair with gentle
weather was coming, and that afternoon it came.
blossomed furze grew a tall man's height, and more than once, to find
a path, he had to crawl down and creep like a fly along the very face
of the crag, which was touched here and there by the sun to rosy
look had vanished, to be replaced by a sad self-possession; for as the
path, he felt the companionship of Nature, the happiness and freedom
to madness, for he was a man against the World.
He was in revolt against his fellows. He had refused to follow the
Instead of being bound like a slave in a soldier's livery and carrying
pleased, and if necessary he could die as he pleased. Not a sea-bird
feel it as he threw himself down on the soft green grass. The living
strength grew. It was something, after all, to be a man. It was more
to be admitted to the sacrament of Nature, partaken of by all those
The last touch of this sacrament came from a good Man's blessing.
Before that was given he had been weak and afraid; now he came back to
superior to his fellows; since, let us admit it at once, he combined
These were the thoughts and feelings that kept his heart up for many a
Presently he drew from his breast a piece of black bread, and began to
All this was nothing new. Hundreds of times he had done for sheer
all matured, and he turned his steps eastward, to his native village.
habitation was to be seen, not a sign of humanity in any form. Herds
of wild cattle crouched together in the rain, and on the edges of the
to life and stirring in answer to the Spirit of the Storm.
on the great plain before, and he knew by the situation of many of the
A flash of crimson light arose from the very edge of the ocean,
Suddenly, instead of turning away, he ran forward in the direction of
still, and gazed in horror once again.
Close to the edge of the cliffs--held down by ropes attached to
seven or eight men and two or three old women. Some, running round and
them from the torrents of rain; and crawling up close in the shadow of
severe laws passed after the Revolution had never been able to
were about, but he was also cognizant of his own danger and wished to
act with caution. His resolution was soon taken, and he acted upon it
"Don't cry so loud, mother," cried a man. "'Tis enough to waken the
A bottle was passed across to the woman, and she raised it to her
the night. All, men and women alike, leaped panic-stricken to their
On the very top of the stone stood a gigantic figure waving its arms,
terrible, and the boldest man there was panic-stricken.
Springing down upon the cage, he seized it with all his strength,
loosened it from its ropes and stones, and cast it over into the
blinded by the light, could at first distinguish nothing; and
overwhelmed by the fury of wind and rain, he cast himself upon the
The drawing was over, the medical inspection had taken place, and the
Now, it so happened that the wish of his heart was granted, and Ho�l
those who had drawn lower numbers turned out unfit for service, not to
their tickets, and have to march.
aiding them as far as lay in their power. All in vain. After the first
"Ah, Sergeant Pipriac! I never thought you could be so cruel to his
The Sergeant, a little one-eyed, hook-nosed martinet, very fond of the
He had been a great friend of her husband, and his present conduct
"Malediction! one must do one's duty. Mother, thy son is a fool; and
were I not after him, there would be others far worse to do the job!
shall be pardoned, and become a brave soldier of the Emperor."
And while one of the gendarmes pushed his head up the chimney, and
has found a ship, and gone to England!"
"Bah! that is not so easy, and he knows better than to trust himself
in a land of wild beasts. No, he is here. I know it--I smell it as a
"He will not fight. He creeps away and hides. He is afraid."
"It is not that. My Rohan is afraid of nothing, but he will never
The old fellow snapped his fingers.
"Good day, mother! but, mind you, we shall come again; it is not our
fault, but the Emperor's orders. Take my advice, and persuade him; in
another day it will be too late. Now, then--march!"
and being a very quiet, retiring woman, given to her own thoughts, she
had seen very little of her sister or her children. People thought her
whereabouts, she only spoke the truth. She had not seen her son for
several days, and she was almost hoping that he had made good his
the country was covered with snares and traps for deserters, and how
difficult it was to elude the vigilant eyes of the public officials.
caught, he would be shot like a dog.
Emperor, but only as, in days of trouble, it had been hard against
God. And the Emperor was like God--so great, so very far away!
She sat listening to the wind, which was rising that afternoon, and to
the rain, which was beating against the door. Crouched near to her,
the she-goat, her son's favourite, and now her only companion.
a halo round his head, came walking to them on the sea.
watch-dog, if only she could have barked her warnings.
neighbours coming in and out, and she thought it was one of them. But
off a large black cloak which was wet with rain.
They had only met once since that scene on the night of the drawing,
who it was, she grew pale, and her heart began to palpitate, as, with
no greeting, she turned her eyes again upon the fire.
There was no answer. The widow still felt her heart full of anger
"I could not bear to think of thee sitting here all alone, and though
my uncle did not wish it, I have come over. Ah, God, thou art lonely!
It is dreadful when all the world is against one's own son."
The widow stirred in her chair, and said, still looking at the fire--
"It is yet more dreadful when one's own blood relations hate us most.
marry, you will know what it is to suffer like me, and you will pity
but said nothing. Marcelle, too, fixed her eyes upon the fire, and
leant forward, warming her hands as she continued to speak.
It was a curious sight to see those two women--one so old and grey,
the other so fresh and pretty--sitting on one form side by side, not
looking in each other's face, but both, whether speaking or listening,
There was a long silence, and the wind and the sea cried still louder
outside. Finally the widow said, in the same low voice--
"Why have you come, child? What has brought you here at last?"
The answer was a short, hard, bitter laugh.
"So! Well, he is safe, if you desire to know. You may go back to those
who sent you, and tell them that much from me. Yes!" she continued,
her voice rapidly rising in anger, "I know well what you come for,
Marcelle was a high-spirited girl, and it is doubtful if she would
have borne as much from any other woman in the world. Strange to say,
she was now quite gentle, and only put her hand on her aunt's arm,
"Don't! don't speak like that, for the love of God!"
Marcelle was not given to the melting mood.
"Marcelle, what do you mean? Why do you cry?"
The tone was sharp, but the look of the speaker's face was kinder.
"Never mind! You think I have no heart! Well, I will go, for you do
not trust me, and I have no right to vex you. But if you knew! if you
But the widow, from the new light on her niece's cheeks, was beginning
love him dearly, and I cannot bear to hear you say such hard things of
me,--for he has asked me to be his wife!"
so much in itself, for she had often had her suspicions, but it was
ever; for the widow was in her own mind going over the past, and
to think her angry, when she said, in a low voice, as if talking to
"If you love him as you say, it is strange that you brought him no
"It is strange, as you say!" she cried. "Ah! it was terrible to me,
best. He bade me draw; and he was not there; and if none of his kin
had appeared for him, the black mark would have been put at once
and he would have company. We two would pray for him night and day
while he was away, would we not, Aunt Lo�z? Ah, if he would be wise!"
By this time the women were close together, holding each other's
weep a little with one who loved her son, when all others were against
him. But she cried, between her tears--
"If I could only see him and speak to him! But he is so hard to
"This is what makes it all so strange. I know he is so brave, braver
than all the rest; and yet, look you, he does not act like a man. When
the Emperor calls for his children, he stays. When all the others take
to blame. Ah, he is a wicked man, that, and no friend to the good
Arfoll, too, she was agreed, as we have seen. She could not understand
for her son, and he never went to mass or confession, and men said he
"Thou art a good girl," she said, "and I would wish no better for my
while Marcelle tried in vain to comfort her; nay, not wholly in vain,
might trust himself in the hands of the good God, who would preserve
him for them throughout the war.
By such prayer, by the prayer of those nearest and dearest to him, is
against him, when, instead of help and a sword, he finds on his own
dry, and she walked swiftly through the rain in the direction of the
village. The wind was still rising upon the sea, and the sea, although
and nodding their heads out at the sea. The tide was three-quarters
Instead of turning inland up the main street of the village, Marcelle
keels, thick slimy grass was growing, and on more than one of the
for the wind blew right into them; but on one or two thresholds men
This was the lower village, exclusively devoted to the fishing
shelter of the doorway, a girl sat in an old-fashioned armchair,
standing in the doorway and looking down at the busy fingers, she
sings about the place at her work, and she will never rest, and she
A faint colour came into the girl's cheeks as she spoke, but her face,
was a distant relation, brought the little one back with her from
"What news?" she said, looking up quickly, after a pause.
"None. Aunt Lo�z does not know where he is. He has not been near home
for many nights, and she is growing afraid."
drowned himself in his rage. If I could only speak with him!"
They were talking, of course, of Rohan; but the personal pronoun was
quite enough, as the girls were in each other's confidence, and
Uncle Ewen. But it is terrible for the woman who has only one. If the
"That is different. Ah, she has courage! If I had a son my heart would
"She is grieving, too," answered Marcelle. "It is the way of women.
For my part, if I had a son and he was afraid, I should never love him
any more. Think how terrible it would be if the good Emperor were
served so by all his children, for whom he has done so much; he would
"Perhaps he is afraid," sighed Guineveve "Well, it is no wonder!"
"If I thought it was that," she cried, "I should hate him for ever and
ever; I should then die of shame What is a man if he has not a man's
heart, Guineveve? He is no more than a fish in the sea, that flashes
off if you move your hand. No, no, he is brave. But I will tell you
"You may think that if you please, but I have my own thoughts. They
say he was once a Priest, and now he is friends with no Priest but
and cattle, and they work like magic. I was told once up in St.
crossed herself too; but she looked up with a sad smile, saying--
"I do not believe that of Master Arfoll; and you must not say so to
is a saint, as pure as one of God's angels. Ah yes, he has the face of
"I have news, Marcelle! He is not far away!"
Marcelle was about to utter a cry, when he placed his hand upon her
"Hush! Come within, for the rain is heavy;" and when they were
busily before the fire, he added, "He was seen at Ploubol yesterday,
and a man recognised him, and he was nearly taken. He struck down the
gendarmes, and that will make his case worse. There is no escape; he
must soon be caught. He was last seen going in the direction of
"Have you seen the proclamations?" asked Goron, in the same low voice.
"Well, they are posted up along the road, and there is one on the
every conscript who has not answered to his name will be shot like a
dog; there is to be no mercy,--it is too late."
he too loved and was loved in return?
He had not told her, however, of the sight he had seen with his own
sticking up with his own hands the paper that was now to be seen on
Marcelle was not one of those maidens who wear their hearts on their
her lover as he had appeared on the night of the Conscription, wild-
She did not speak now, but, leaning her forehead against the door,
There was no answer, but a heavy sigh, and the pale firm face wore an
Emperor wants men. If he would only come in--even now!"
"I must go now," she said quietly. "Mother will wonder where I am."
moved through the streets of the village. She saw nothing, heard
would scarcely have thought that she had any care.
Yet the great Sea was rising and crying behind her as she went, and
before her soul a storm was spreading, more terrible than any sea.
Chapter 20. "THE POOL OF THE BLOOD OF CHRIST"
A few days after the medical inspection of the conscripts, the order
The experiences of the previous year had not brought the Emperor
wisdom, and his struggle with Destiny was about to commence on a more
enormous scale than ever. The loss of 500,000 men, with all their
Our story at present, however, concerns not the movements of great
had arrived, and the Derval household was as busy as it was troubled.
At last came the eve of the departure, and the conscripts were to set
There was a busy gathering that night in the Corporal's kitchen.
for the last time, and packing up in bundles, her sons' clothes, and
knew the terrible odds of war, and he was very fond of his nephews.
quietly, "and that is, all the hard words of the drill sergeant. You
for you were bred in a soldier's house. They will be pleased with you
for this, and you will get on, you will thrive. There is another thing
you must know. When you are receiving cavalry, don't dig into your man
in the old way--like this!--but turn your elbow and give a twist of
with his stick. "That is the trick of it, and you will soon learn."
"When you have once smelt powder, it will be all right," returned
their uncle; "and the best of it is, you will do that at once. There
will be no delay, no worry--you are going straight to the Rhine--
straight into the midst of the fun."
"I wish I was going too!" sighed Alain; "it is like my luck."
drawing, and would have given thy right arm not to go."
"I did not know then that you two were going."
sergeant too, if you can; a glass of brandy goes a long way, and few
of them will refuse. Don't waste your money on the sutler women, by
corporal if he is willing, and, look you, you will have a friend in
humility, and he will be satisfied."
brandy. "Here's his health, whoever he is!"
"Two pairs each, but neither new--soft as silk to the feet, and the
into the small of the back, not to let them hang loose as foolish
could not help feeling dull. The company was all very sad, and the
to "glory" for the first time, and they would a great deal rather have
Late that evening, while the company in the kitchen were drinking,
the road which led out of the village.
The moon was at the full, but vast clouds driven by a high wind
from time to time, and between the showers the moon looked out with a
this time breathless with speed, and her eyes looked from side to side
obviously familiar to her, and, though she tripped several times, she
By this time she had left the village a mile and a half behind. She
Another shower came, blotting out the light of the moon, and the wind
brightness, she had found what she sought.
creeping forward to the base of the Cross, she found a basin of blood-
Now, this solitary basin, called in the dialect of the country the
where the sick one had much faith. That was not all. It was a common
superstition that if a man or woman went thither when the moon was
kept a secret from all other living beings.
had been given to her long ago by the Corporal, and she had
religiously preserved them; but now, when the twins were going away,
she meant to give them one each, without explaining, of course, that
medals, and, attached to a string, could be hung unseen over the
the other, the glimpse of a bloody battle, with the inscription--
She turned again sharply, but the darkness was great and she saw
nothing. Crossing herself again, she began to run.
That moment she again heard the footsteps behind her.
had felt that night, would have fainted; indeed, there was not another
at such an hour, as she had done, to the "Pool of the Blood of
the feet came nearer and nearer, and she could hear a heavy breathing
man, and before she could see him clearly he spoke--in a low voice he
"Marcelle!--have you forgotten me? Yes, it is I;--and you are afraid!"
startled me--I thought it was a ghost."
"I was resting yonder, and I saw you come to the 'Pool of the Blood of
"You saw me! Then you have broken my charm."
"Not at all," answered Rohan, very coldly. "I do not know your errand,
and I could not see you when you knelt. It is a cold night for you to
He spoke as if there was nothing between them, as if he were any
brought me here. They will wonder why I stay so long."
She made a movement as if to go. He did not stir a step to follow her.
"It is strange to see you here; I thought you were far away. They are
"There is a watch upon your mother's house day and night, and upon
Pipriac at their head. There is a paper posted up on the houses, and
your name is upon it; and there is a reward."
the tomb of a lost love. She could not bear it any longer. Casting
"Rohan! Rohan! why do you speak to me like that?"
"We did not know what had happened--I have been heart-broken--Gildas
afraid, but I told them they spoke falsely. They are all angry with me
after his cold lips came down and were quite close to hers, she cried,
"Ah, my Rohan, I knew thou wouldst be wise. It is not too late, and
She looked up in his face with passionate confidence and hope, and as
that--it is not that I have changed my mind. I cannot come down; I
will never give myself up, alive!"
"Why, then, have you come back to Kromlaix?"
"To see thee! To speak to thee once more, whether I live or die!"
my heart--do not let me hear them call thee coward. And if not for my
thee day and night; thou wilt die. Mother of God, Son of God!--yes,
thee, and know thee for a brave man."
Heaven, and I shall come to thee and kiss thee there."
"I cannot go--it is an oath. Farewell!"
"Rohan, speak! for God's sake, stand up and speak! Is it true what
they say--that you are afraid?"
He rose to his feet and looked at her strangely.
"It is all true," he answered. Had it been day she might have seen a
will not go to war, because--well, because I am afraid?"
He did not explain his fear, for, had he done so, she could not have
"It is best that you should understand at once, for ever, that I will
never fight as soldiers fight; that is against my heart; and that I am
love might tempt me; but I have not the courage to do what you bid me.
There, you are shivering--it is so cold. Hasten home!"
Had she been wiser in the world, she might have guessed that he who
But she was not wise, and his own confession, corroborating the
"Marcelle, will you not give me your hand again? Will you not say
She paused, but said nothing. He seized her hands, and kissed her
thee; but if evil comes to me, do not think of me in anger. Perhaps
God will be good, and some day you may think better of me. Farewell,
He had turned away sobbing, when she caught him by the arm, crying
"God will help me to a refuge, and I do not think they will find me.
till the hour for summoning his nephews, and then afterwards to see
them a short distance upon the road.
with her he held dearest in all the world, yet as resolved as ever in
The passionate love in his heart fought fiercely against the cold
less sweet, he knew, many a man would have given his salvation.
He had not slept for two nights and days, during which he had been
back to the CROSS, and there, resting his head against the stone,
partially sheltered from the rain by the stone figure above, and
And as he slept he dreamed a dream.
He seemed, in his dream, to be still lying on the spot where he had
fallen asleep, with his eyes fixed on the crucified figure above him.
listening in fascination for he knew not what.
for he had been startled by a strange movement above him, by a
He listened more intently, and this time his ears were startled by a
horror and terror, the figure on the Cross was moving its head from
but as a sleeper moves his head, slowly awakening from a heavy sleep.
him. He would have fled, but his limbs refused to obey his will. He
sought to utter a cry, but the sound was frozen in his throat. For a
moment, as it seemed, he became unconscious. When he looked again, the
Cross above was empty, and the figure was standing at the foot.
breath; and he said in a low voice, "Rise!"
from him, and he gazed up into the Face, but spoke no word. And the
worshipped, not in terror now, but in joy.
Then the Christ said, "Follow me!"
The night was black, but a dim light ran before them on the ground.
his dream, that he moved with no volition of his own, but as if
earth beneath their feet swept past them like a wind-blown sea.
At last, passing through the wide paths of a cultivated wood, and
The Figure passed on and stood before the door, uplifting his hand.
The door opened and he entered in, and Rohan followed close behind.
When the eyes of his soul opened again, he was crouching in the shadow
Before them, with his back to them, writing busily at a table, sat a
Man. The room in which he wrote was an antechamber, and through the
him, and leaving all the rest of the chamber dim.
Man; but it remained hidden, bent over the table. Hours seemed to
but the lamp still burnt on the table, though the shape of the Man was
with His breath, this one word, "Read!"
He crossed the chamber, he bent above the table. It was covered with
which the ink was scarcely dry, and it contained only two words, his
As he read, in his dream, he felt the confused sick horror of a man
on cottage walls;--the face of the great Emperor.
that Rohan thought in his dream, "He does not sleep, but is dead." And
woman's, a small hand clenched like a sleeping child's.
In that moment of wonder he turned his eyes, and found himself alone.
Emperor, watching, and shivering from head to foot.
Strangely enough, the supernatural presence had been a source of
and helplessness possessed him, and he would have flown; but he could
not move--he could not turn his eyes away. To be there alone with the
Emperor lying as if dead--was too much for his soul to bear; he
of his dream, he uttered a wild cry. The Emperor did not stir, but in
but was still helpless, as the feet came nearer and nearer; and while
the doors of the ante-chamber were burst open, and a haggard light of
to take his life, he swooned away--and woke.
wet with the long night's rain.
He was about to rise to his feet and crawl away to some securer
passed close by the Cross, but down in the hollow of the road. Rohan
friends and fellow villagers, were on their way by dawn to join the
From that day forth, for many days and weeks, the fate of Rohan
name was proclaimed through every village for many miles around,
without avail. The last occasion on which he had been publicly seen
was on that memorable night of the Conscription, when he made his
she breathe, however, of the meeting under the Cross on the night
before the departure of the conscripts.
was a wretch and a coward, she could not utter one word in answer--for
It was terrible to think of--it was worse even than death itself! Her
physical strength and beauty, on the power and dignity of his nature,
is strong; and now! It was almost inconceivable to think that he was
times, "Perhaps I do not understand." Something in the looks, the
words, made her feel, as she had often felt before, the influence of a
a fierce enemy of her convictions, and of the great Imperial cause--
of that had lasted for one whole day, we verily believe that
almost have been ready to strike her lover down.
Well, coward or chouan, or both, he had disappeared, and if he lived,
could find no scent of the fox in or out of the village. A hundred
spies were ready to claim the reward, but no opportunity came. At last
either by leaping from one of the high cliffs, or by drowning himself
in the sea. As weeks passed by and no traces of the fugitive were
But she had her mother to comfort--the work of the house to do--the
to sit like a lady of romance, with her hands folded before her and
indications of a settled design. True, all he did was to drop in of a
possessions, and a close inquiry into the amount of the bride's dower.
morals of course were a minor matter, and he was in all other respects
his head, set on broad shoulders, was too small for symmetry; and
went about with a smile--the smile of secrecy, and of satisfaction
that his secrets were so well kept.
whatever he did, he spared no pains to insure success; and when he had
And so when he began to "woo," Marcelle at once took the alarm; and
tried to make some excuse for leaving the house, and when she was
Strange to say, he no longer met with the fiery indignation which had
horrible fear and despair. She was listening for a voice out of the
sea or from the grave, and even in her sleep she listened, but the
in his temples like a roll of drums, and his thoughts far away. As the
attitudes about the chamber; and leaning against the wall, not far
Though the season was early summer, they were holding a sort of
at him as if curious to hear his reply, the mother with a little
arrangement between the Emperor and the Holy Father! There are some
silver and gold, and was honoured as a saint. Do not mistake, m'sieu
who speak? Have I not seen with my own eyes, heard with my own ears?
"Right, Uncle Ewen!" he exclaimed: "he has made them dance, those
"You do not know it, you others," pursued the veteran; "but it is a
grand thing to look on a man like that--to look upon him--to talk with
him--to feel his breath about you!"
"As you have done, Corporal!" said the priest approvingly.
"As I have done!" said the veteran proudly, and with no shame in his
pride. "Yes, I who stand here! I have been with him face to face,
Cismone, then twice again. I can see him now; I can hear his voice as
over the open camp. I think if he came and spoke again like that above
and, puffing vigorously, applied it to the bowl of his pipe, which had
The veteran, still smoking, turned his eye quietly on the speaker, and
"How many years ago was that little affair of Cismone?"
fire with his wooden leg; and finally, turning round again to the
rubbing his hands hard together, he replied in a voice that might have
seventeen hundred and ninety-six."
If the words had been a spell, the company could not have looked more
thrilled and awed. To be quite candid, we must admit that the
announcement was a familiar one, and had been made, with its
many and many a night before. But some stories are ever new, and this
Every one present that night had heard it a dozen times, yet each one
was bright and cheerful; for he, of course, had no dread of the
Conscription, which was still overshadowing the heart of his grown-up
The grenadier, full of that rarest of all emotions--the pride of a
as he spoke the figures around him again and again faded, and his eye
searched the distance in a sort of waking dream.
of the dawn. It was a long march, ten leagues of infernal country; a
forced move, you see. In the evening we reached a village,--the name I
have forgotten, but a quaint little village on a hill. That night we
were so weary that we could not have kept awake, only the word had run
along the lines that the Emperor--oh, he was only a general then!--
that General Bonaparte was with us. Well, we knew that it was true,
for we could feel him, we could swear that he was near. In the
hospitals, father, the doctor goes from bed to bed, touches the
quicker at his coming, and slower at his going. Well, that is the way
heart! she was not thinking of the Emperor, but of her two great sons,
"The moon was still up when we marched again in the morning. We were
cut off the retreat, and thousands laid down their arms. That would
have been enough for an ordinary general, but the Little Corporal was
the word to halt, it was welcome news."
"Now, I had a comrade in those days--a tall fellow, with a cast in his
eye, but as good as gold--and his name was Jacques Monier, and he was
sup, and many a night lay in each other's arms for warmth. Well, on
fire we had kindled on the bare ground, and I had gone to find water.
When I returned Jacques was standing on his feet, holding in his hand
half a loaf of black bread, and beside him, in the light of the fire,
head to foot with mud and rain--he looked like any common soldier--but
I knew him at once. He was warming his hands over the fire, and
Jacques was saying, as he held out the loaf, 'Take it all, my
General!' As I saw that, I looked into the General's face, and it was
but that such an expression of feeling was appropriate.
"'Take it all,' said Jacques; 'half a loaf is not much.' Well, you
should have seen the General smile. He did not answer, but he took the
bread into his hands, and broke off a morsel and began to eat, handing
tin pot half full of water, and I emptied into it a little brandy that
I had saved in my flask, and I handed the pot to the General. Here it
is--the same--I keep it still as a souvenir."
asked us our names, and we told him. Then he looked hard at us over
and over again, wrapped his cloak around him, and went away. So
brandy and water, and talked of the Emperor till we fell to sleep."
General remembered you for that service, no doubt?"
"The General remembers everything," he replied. "Nine years afterwards
"Nine years!" ejaculated the cur�. "It was a long time to wait,
Corporal. Did he give you no reward?"
"What reward would you give for a crust of bread and a drop of brandy,
General had more to think of; and it all passed like a dream. Not that
we missed our reward at last. When the time came he remembered well."
"Yes, yes, let us hear all about it!" cried Father Rolland.
"It was in the year 1805, at the camp of Boulogne. Great changes had
thought the General had forgotten all about us, and what wonder if he
had, seeing how busy he had been knocking off the crowns of your
front. That day of the coronation was fixed for a general distribution
of crosses and medals. Such a day! The mist was coming in from the sea
like smoke from a cannon's mouth. On the rising ground above the town
before the throne was the sea. When the Emperor sat down on the
you would have said it was the waves of the sea roaring. But look you,
at that very moment the smoke of the sea parted, and the sun glanced
sight is seen but once in a lifetime; I should have to talk all night
to tell you a tenth of the wonders of that day. But I am going to tell
passing by--we were in the front ranks, you observe--he stopped short,
pocket, with his head on one side, like this, studying our faces; and
then his face lighted up, and he came quite near. This is what he
said--ah, that I could give you his voice!--'Come, I have not
looking in our direction. Well, then, the great Emperor turned to us,
and gave us each the Cross from his own hand, and saluted us as
Corporals. I will tell you this--my eyes were dim--I could have cried
like a girl; but before we could know whether we stood on our heads or
in the bowl of his pipe, while a subdued murmur ran round the
"I have been told that a good shepherd can tell the faces of every one
of his flock, but this is more wonderful still. How long, do you say,
"Nine years," answered the Corporal.
much to do, how much to think of! Ah, he is a great man! And was that
the last time," he added, after a short pause, "that your eyes beheld
"I saw him once more," said the Corporal, "only once."
"It was only a month or two later--the first day of December. It was
A thrill ran through the assembly at the mention of the magic name.
"We were crouched, seventy or eighty thousand of us, watching and
fires were crimson. In the middle of it all I saw him riding past The
left nor right. He rode a white horse, and Jacques said he looked like
at the joke, which was a too familiar one.
"And you never saw him again," said the cur�; "that was the last
The Corporal nodded his head slowly and repeatedly, in the manner of a
followed by four or five gendarmes, rushed into the room.
"Soul of a crow!" cried the Corporal, "what is the matter?"
The cur� rose from his seat by the fire.
"One would say," he exclaimed, "that the good Sergeant had seen a
round the room, until he at last found voice.
"Take that, comrade," he said, with a nod; "it is better than water.
is all this about? and who is this that you have seen?"
there ever a soul here can swear to the man's clothes, for, look you,
"If a ghost can wear clothes, these belong to him. Well, it is all the
same now; he will never need them more."
The articles of attire were passed from hand to hand, but there was
nothing to distinguish them specially as the property of the fugitive.
The coat was torn down the back, as if in a severe scuffle.
"His blood be on his own head. It is no fault of mine." The fierce
"What do you mean?" she cried. "You have not--"
"It is not that," he answered. "Old Pipriac is bad, but not so bad as
that, my dear. Malediction! is he not his father's son, and were not
Emperor, I have not hurt a hair of the villain's head."
wink, meant to be sympathetic, but only succeeding in being horrible.
"I will tell you all about it," he said; "you and the Corporal and all
here. You know, we had given him up as dead; we had searched heaven
for him but the bottom of the sea. Well, you may guess it was on quite
is neither here nor there: we were coming along by the great stone up
we saw close to us in the moonlight, with his back to us, a man. I
knew him in a moment, though I could not see his face; but I will tell
you frankly this--when he turned round and looked at us I thought it
"He is no nephew of mine," growled the veteran, but his voice
"I don't know how it happened, but we were upon him in a moment--I,
he shook off the rest like so many mice. Before we knew it he was
had dropped his gun, and his hat had fallen off and he was screaming
to us to help him: the deserter could not shake him off. We fixed our
marble, her large eyes fixed on the speaker's face.
When we seized him again, we were not ten yards from the edge of the
great crag--you know it--it is like a wall. The tide was in, high
spring tide, and the water was black far down below. We fell upon him,
all six of us, and soon had him down; it took all our strength, I can
tell you. Well, we had him safe and he could not stir."
"It is all very well to cry 'Bravo!'" said the irascible Sergeant,
"but let me tell you the devil himself could not hold him! He lay for
a minute quite still, and then he began to wriggle. You are a
fisherman, and have tried to hold a conger eel; well, it was like
that. Before we knew what he was about, he had wriggled almost to the
"We were six to one, I say, but for all that we could not stop him. I
others gripped his arms and legs. But when I saw what he was about--
when I heard the black sea roaring right under us--my heart went cold.
I saw there was but one way, and I loosened one hand and seized the
bleed you!' He looked up at me with his white face, and set his teeth
himself out of his jacket, torn himself loose, and was on the very
edge of the crag. Heaven, you should have been there! The loose earth
venture another step, and before we could draw a breath he was gone
pitch-dark below, and we could see nothing. But we listened, and we
"Not he--he had no breath left in him for that; he went down to his
death as straight as a stone, and if he escaped the rocks he was
drowned in the sea. Corporal Derval, don't say it was any fault of old
Pipriac's! I wanted to save him, damn him! but he wouldn't be saved.
In the scuffle I touched him; but that was an accident, and I wanted
proceeded--"There is a cut here, through the right sleeve--it is
where I hurt him in the struggle."
himself, and perhaps some of us--that, I tell you, was his game. For
all that, I am sorry I wounded him. This upon the jacket must be
"Yes, it is blood!" said one voice and another.
but even then she did not swoon.
Pipriac, after a pause. "Yes, it is blood, and no mistake!"
the light, and showed it moist and red.
uttering a sound, dropped down as if dead upon the floor.
Early the next morning, when it was morte mer, or dead low water, a
whose form the reader is already familiar. Looking down from time to
Right at the foot of the crag lay fragments of loose earth and rock,
was no trace. At high water, however, the tide washed right up against
had been washed away with the ebb.
were busy searching out on the sea, which was dead calm.
great a horror was still upon her, and she could not yet realize the
killed by the fall before he reached the sea; on reaching it, his body
into the deep water. There was very little chance of finding it for
some days; and, indeed, it might never rise to the surface or be
where he is, down there, as buried up yonder with a bullet in his
heart. He would have been shot, you see, and he knew that. Don't say
and, taking into consideration the nature of the catastrophe which had
was shining on the sea, and in her own sweet face, but she was
who was speaking in a low voice as she appeared, but grew silent as
It was very strange, but the widow showed no sign of absolutely
to the ground; perhaps its very horror upheld her for the time being.
"There is no hope," she said in a low voice; "it is all as they said,
"I was there this morning before them all; I could not find a trace.
A month had passed since that memorable night of the struggle on the
heart. In that season to live at all was pleasant, but to live and be
There was a green dell in the meadows behind the cliffs, and in this
custom, which excludes from the festival young people under the age of
a blade of corn, and on the breast of every girl was a flower of flax,
with or without an accompaniment of wild heath and flowers.
flowers; and behind them came a group of young men, bearing on their
hat in his hand, and his round face was brown as a satyr's, and he was
It was, however, an almost unprecedented thing to behold Father
enough to interfere with the innocent happiness of the day, had never
unexpected, however, and he was greeted on every side with a pastoral
a group of girls, who greeted her by name and made room for her beside
they all laughed and clapped their hands.
"Boys and girls," he said in Brezonec, "do you know what has brought
me here? You cannot guess--so I will tell you. It is simple enough and
very sad. It is right for you to make merry, mes garz, because you are
young, and because there will be a good harvest; but it is also right
and all the other members of the gathering crossed themselves too.
"Sad events have taken place since last you gathered here; many have
been taken away by the Conscription, some have died and been buried,
and some are sick; but it is not of any of those that I want to speak,
but of the poor garz who was your patron last year, and who is now--
himself and of the blessed Virgin!"
Again, automatically, they made the sign of the cross, even little
custom every year for the young people to choose among themselves a
sort of king and queen, who led the sports and reigned for the day,
translate the dialect of the country, "patron" and "patroness."
"I am not going to praise or blame him who is gone; he was foolish,
perhaps, and wrong; though for all that he came of a fine family, and
was a pleasure to look at for strength. Well, he is dead, and there is
an end--peace to his soul! Now that you are so merry, don't forget him
and is too heart-broken, I am sure, to join you to-day."
"I am here, Father Rolland," she said, as she met his eye.
to cast off care; it is courageous, and I am pleased."
satisfied to hear that she had stayed away.
"I did not think of coming at first," she said, approaching close,
here to-day, and will never be here again, but I know what would have
Guineveve to be patroness; and that is my wish, too."
There was a moment's silence, then came a loud crying and clapping of
hands. "Yes, yes!" cried the groups of men and girls, only a few
is a girl in a thousand. Well boys and girls, is that your choice?"
already, seated on a knoll in the midst of a garland of girls,
happiness, light in her face, joy in her heart, flowers on her breast
her, looking down into her eyes with perfect admiration and love.
to herself, "No one must know! I will creep away as soon as I can, for
silence as he prayed. It was done in a minute, and before they could
all rise up again the priest was trotting away back to the village.
It was the custom for the new patron and patroness to lead off the
steps with heel and toe, till the eyes grew dizzy to look at them.
"Marcelle, will you not dance?" said a voice in her ear.
She was standing looking on like one in a dream when she heard the
voice, and she did not turn round, for the tones were familiar.
"Going home, and the sport has only just commenced! But you will try
your charm on the love-stone before you go?"
It was the custom on that day for every single woman to leave a flower
of flax, and every single man a blade of corn, on the stone of the
their depositors are faithful; if they wither before the week is out,
And truly, in a little time she had slipped away from the company,
"You shall not soil your fingers or carry a load--no, not even a drop
visit my uncle who keeps the cabaret, and you shall have shoes and new
height of a Breton mother's ambition is to have a son in the
enough of my own. I have set my heart upon it... You should see the
as silk and white as snow--it would do your heart good, it smells so
"I know why you treat me so. You are thinking of that chouan of a
"If he was a chouan, you are worse. He is dead--his soul is with God:
and it is like you to speak of him so."
Mikel saw his blunder, and hastened to retrieve it, if possible.
"Do not be angry, for I did not mean it. Rohan Gwenfern was a good
fellow; but, look you, he is dead--besides you were cousins, and the
finger is worth more silver than his whole body. I am a warm man, I,
though I say it that should not."
More he uttered in similar strain, but all to the same effect. At last
he left her and returned to the gathering, angry with himself, with
her, with all creation. For her last words to him were, as she passed
down into the village. "Go back and choose a better; I shall never
marry but one man, and that man is lying dead at the bottom of the
There was no moon, and, although it was summer-tide, a black veil
on rock and sand. There was not a breath of wind, and the men were
Now, as we have seen before, the Cathedral was well known to be
a prayer, for the very spot was perilous. In a moment they were
added. Crouched at the feet of the Saint was a dark figure, only the
vanished, and the whole Cathedral was in pitch darkness. Sick,
They had seen enough; for in that moment of horror they had not only
veracity of the eye-witnesses; indeed, everybody was only too ready to
glimpses of the moon; but he had never before, within the memory of
"He had two great eyes, each as red as a boat lantern," said one of
The speaker was lying on the shingle surrounded by a group of men and
"Made him go through his confession?" echoed one of the group.
"How do you know that, old Evran? You could not hear?"
the Saint puts upon him whenever he catches him on holy ground."
"It is strange enough. A torch in his hand, you said?"
"And the Saint--you saw him quite plain?"
devil's feet, and they were great cloven hoofs, horrible to behold."
"Suppose, after all, it had been a man!"
"A man!" he echoed. "Holy saints keep us, a man!"
had been guilty of some horrible blasphemy.
"A man in the Cathedral of St. Gildas at dead of night!" he exclaimed,
with a contemptuous laugh. "A man as tall as a tree, shining like
character of a pious man, and did not care to lose it.
"Oh, I say nothing!" he observed. "Such things have been, and the
Cathedral is a dreadful place. But is it not strange that the Saint
group behind him, the old salt observed, shrugging his shoulders--
"Mikel Grallon used to be a sensible man; but he is in love, you see,
and perhaps that is why he talks like a fool."
Grallon was no fool; he was only a very suspicious man, who never took
religion wherein he had been born and bred. Physically, he was timid;
of the vision in the Cathedral, he would possibly have shared the
Now, he had not exaggerated in the least when he had said that that
By means of innumerable little attentions, not the least of which lay
were repeated over and over again, and which had invariably the same
as youths love. He might, therefore, be said with justice to be
already an approved suitor in the eyes of the whole family.
less headstrong, the betrothal would have been as good as concluded.
selected for her, to leave all the preliminaries in their hands, and
only at the last moment to come forward and behold the object of the
inclinations, and was not likely to alter her habits when choosing a
number he might be living yet; but he is dead, and I have killed him;
"Soul of a crow!" he said, "have you no courage? She sees you too
little--let her know that you mean to win. Girls' hearts are taken by
storm; but you have not the spirit of a fly."
"It is no use, Uncle Ewen. She is thinking too much of one that is
conscience, he did not care to discuss the subject. Under any other
Conscription had been unleashed, and the man, his own flesh and blood,
had been hunted down to death,--and now, after all, silence was best.
It cannot be denied that at this period the Corporal showed an
approaching the Ladder of St. Triffine, he found himself face to face
basket for you? You must be tired."
As he held out his hand to take her burthen from her, she drew back
"God's mercy, mother! you are pale as death--you have caught fever,
As he spoke, he watched her with a look of extraordinary penetration,
struggling all this time for breath, and at last she found her speech.
journey, and I should not have come so far."
simply; "at your age, mother, you should rest. Look you, that is what
all the neighbours say is strange."
"What is strange?" asked the woman sharply.
"A little while ago you were for ever sitting by the fire or busy in
the cottage; not even on a holiday did you cross the door; and we all
for ever wandering up and down as if you could not rest in peace."
shivering--"since they killed my boy."
"But, mother, in such weather!"
"When one has a broken heart, wind and rain cannot make it better or
As the tall figure of the old woman disappeared in the direction of
shore, walked quickly along the beach, and came as close as possible
to the Cathedral: but the tide was too high for a passage round to the
Gate. So he stood on the water's edge, like one in profound
meditation; then, as if an idea had suddenly occurred to him, he began
over a patch of sand, soft as wax to take any impression left upon it;
and there, clear and unmistakable, was the print of a naked human
his sight, and when night came was not far from the door. It thus
that, to escape his company, she would return again into her cottage,
And whenever he slept, some other pair of eyes was on the watch; for
he had a confidant, some nature silent as his own.
He was moving one evening along the cliffs, not far from the scene of
village, when he suddenly became aware of a figure moving close by him
and towards the verge of the crags. Now, it had grown quite late, and
the moon had not yet risen, but there was light enough in the summer
backward like a ghost. For a moment his heart failed him, for he was
shape. Too late; it had disappeared, as if over the very face of the
death had been found some weeks before.
Strange to say, this time also, but not until he had recovered from
and his reputation as a confirmed night-bird spread far and wide. "I
something on his mind, and he is thinking far too much of the old
mackerel did not alter him; for, instead of taking his seat as captain
of his own boat, he put another man in his place, and received only
his one share as owner of the boat. He had the air of a man for ever
family was gathered at the midday meal, and said in a low voice, after
presence of mind ran to the door, which had been left wide open, and
discovered it by the merest chance. True, I have suspected it for a
long time, but now I know it for a certainty."
us with a lie? Soul of a crow! take care or you will see me angry, and
himself that Rohan is alive. I know his hiding-place, and I have seen
"I am not one of those who go about seeing ghosts, mother; and I know
the difference between spirits of air and men of flesh and blood. Go
"In the Cathedral!" echoed the Corporal.
"There, or close at hand; of that I am certain. I have tracked him
thrice, and thrice he has disappeared into the Cathedral; but I was
alone, see you, and I did not care to follow too close, for he is
desperate. I should have put my hand upon him once, but he walks the
cliffs like a goat, and he went where I could not follow."
he was not dead at all; since to be alive was still to be in open arms
doomed man, who might be seized and shot like a dog at any moment.
it. She was one of those unique women who feel rather than think, and
"If you have not spoken, then remember--his life is in your hands,
and, if he is discovered through you, his blood will be upon your
head, and the just God will punish you."
that he suspects! Look you, you must not blame me if he is found, for
other men have eyes as well as I. Ever since that night of the vision
in the Cathedral, they have been on the watch; for it is clear now
that it was not the blessed Saint at all, but a mortal man, Rohan
brought his information in person at all. The truth is, he had
calculated, under cover of that explosion, on playing the part of an
innocent and sympathetic friend of the family; but finding that all
looked at him with suspicion and horror, as on one who had conjured up
some terrible phantom, and who was responsible for all the
"But it is incredible!" he exclaimed. "Out there among the cliffs,
with no one to bear him food, a man would starve!"
"One would think so," said Grallon; "but I have seen his mother
among the sea-birds and the rock-pigeons. At all events, there he is,
and the next thing to ask is, What is to be done?"
"Have I not just discovered it, and to whom should I speak? If you
latch, and when the door did not open there came a succession of heavy
"Open!" said the voice; and heavy blows on the door followed.
"Who is there?" cried Marcelle, running over to the door with her hand
"In the name of the Emperor!" was the reply.
She threw open the door, and in ran Pipriac, armed, and followed by a
were quivering and stamping on the ground.
"Tous les diables!" he cried, "why is your door locked at mid-day, I
ask you, you who are honest people? Do you not see I am in haste?
"Here," answered the old man, straightening himself to "attention,"
"It is strange news I bring you--news that will make you jump in your
skins; I cannot linger, but I was passing the door, and I thought you
Grallon! I have a message for you; you must come with us and have some
"What is the matter, comrade?" asked the Corporal in a husky voice.
"This--the dead has risen; ha, ha! what think you of that?--the dead
has risen! It is more wonderful than you can conceive, comrade, and
you will not know whether to be sorry or glad; but your nephew, the
defy you to kill him! Well, he is alive, and that is why we are here
she advanced to the Sergeant and said in a voice low, yet quick with
"How do you know he is alive? Have you seen him with your eyes!"
"You have had information!" she echoed in the same low voice.
devil in his hiding-place, and has sent us word. If you ask me who has
duty, that is all. It is no fault of mine, comrades. But I must not
The fisherman stood still, not meeting the angry eyes of the girl, but
holding his hand to his head as if in stupor.
"and you cannot deceive me any more. Go! You are an ingrate--you are a
wretch--you are not fit to live."
will have the blood-money when he is found.--Yes, you have betrayed
him, and you have come here to deceive my uncle with a lie, that your
wickedness might not be known. God will punish you!--may it be soon!"
death. If I were a man I would kill you! Go!"
and in reticence, but that she could not bear the storm of her own
a wild cry, threw her arms up in the air, and then, for the second
Out there among the cliffs, midway between the top of the precipice
It is one of those dark summer afternoons, when the heavens are misted
with their own breath, and a cold blue-grey broods upon the sea, and
there is no stir at all, either of sunshine, or wind, or wave. The
roar of the sea can be heard miles away inland; all is so very still;
as a raven, yet white and beautiful as a dove.
Where the man sits, there is a niche in the cliff; a dizzy path leads
under heaven, the great natural Cathedral, and the man from where he
rises erect, puts his finger and thumb between his teeth, and gives a
his features are darkened and distorted with exposure to the elements,
in rags. His shirt is torn open at the shoulder, and his feet are
type of the prim�val woods, rather than a rational and a peaceful man.
the top of the cliff. It is a small basket, attached to a long and
when it reaches him he pulls gently at the cord, as a signal to the
the basket, thus emptied of its contents, rapidly re-ascends.
Even now he seems in no hurry to go, but takes his siesta, watching
away look in his eyes, which are gentle still, despite the worn and
beneath him rises up to his seat, and the great roar is in his ears,
but he is too familiar with these things to heed them now; he is
to descend the dangerous path which leads to the shore; but, as he
at last discovered him and are again upon his track.
behind them came excited groups of the population--men, women, and
blind, so stupid? What have you got in your basket--tell me that?
Where do you come from? where are you going? Malediction! stand and
listen. Come, answer, where is he? The Emperor is anxious about his
The old woman, now white as death, and with her lips quite blue,
looked fixedly in the Sergeant's face, but made no reply.
"So you are dumb, mother!--well, we shall find you a tongue. It is
treated him fairly--you have led him up and down like a fool. Things
like that cannot go on for ever; the Emperor has a long nose to scent
you think to deceive the Emperor?"
away at the head of his myrmidons, and women from the village came up
a word. All her soul was busy praying that the good God, who had
and preserve him again in the hour of his extremity.
Leaving the majority of the stragglers behind them, and accompanied
and the gendarmes pursued their way rapidly along the edges of the
of some twenty in all, and among them there could be counted no friend
to the hunted man; indeed, who would have dared, in those days of
Rohan, now that it was discovered that he still lived; for the old
prejudice against him had arisen tenfold, and not one was there,
responsible for his own actions.
with the darkening legions of the herring-gull.
depths, went round like a wheel, and he drew back with an expletive.
down, the rocks were loosening, and the grass was slippery as ice.
standing on a portion of the cliffs which ran out, by a green ascent,
"Listen," said Mikel. "The Cathedral is right under us, and I will
peep over and try if anything is to be seen."
pointed downward. He had gone as white as a sheet.
In a moment all their heads were hanging over the precipice, and all
to the left, they saw the roofless walls of the cathedral of St.
"Right under, with his face looking down upon the sea."
looked up again, was one of horror and amaze.
"He is the Devil!" said the Sergeant. "No man could walk where he has
"It was horrible to look at!" said the gendarme Pierre.
others, that is all, and he is like a goat on his feet. You can guess
now how he saved his neck that night when you fancied he was killed.
Well, he will soon be taken, and there will be an end of his pranks."
mind, no bloodshed! If he should ascend, take him alive."
"But if he should resist?" said one of the men.
before them and stood on the very edge of the cliff, gazing at them
"It belongs to the mother of the deserter," said Grallon; "it is a
fondling it as if it were a good Christian."
after a moment's reflection over the odds, which were decidedly
against her, she gave a scornful toss of her head and walked away.
upon the shore. Looking up when they reached the bottom, they saw
Jannedik standing far up against the sky, on the very edge of the
By this time it was growing quite dark in the shadow of the cliffs,
recently descended; but after he had reached a height of some fifty or
him, but he walks where no man ever walked before."
Cathedral there is no path even for a goat to crawl. It is in the
Another hour had elapsed, however, before the passage was practicable,
"If we had brought a torch!" said Pierre.
There was a rush, a whirr, and a flock of doves, emerging from some
this work, but to grope about in a dungeon is to waste time."
their steps from the Cathedral, and were standing in the lighter
kept all night he could not possibly escape.
is clear and fly to some other part of the cliffs. My life upon it, he
is even now watching to see us go. If he is to escape, good and well--
I say nothing--I have done my duty like a good citizen; but if he is
to be caught you must keep your eyes wide open till day."
returned to the pursuit in the morning; for, after all, though he was
zealous in his duty, he would just as soon have given the deserter
that the man was a spy in more senses than one, and that any want of
misrepresented at head-quarters. So it was decided that the Cathedral
to join the others on the cliff, and scattering his own force well
over the seashore and under the face of the crags, he lit his pipe and
rising wind from the sea and heavy showers of rain. All the villagers,
shoulders over what they deemed a veritable wild-goose chase.
nooks and crannies in the walls, prying this way and that way like men
very ill-used, but finding no trace of any living thing. At every step
or shell-fish, but I see no hiding-place for anything bigger than a
it enters: there is the mark all round, as high as my hand can
reach;--and as for hiding up there in the walls, why only a limpet
"You have not searched everywhere."
The great Altar of the Cathedral, which we have already described to
"The Cave is not empty, that is all."
"But it is impossible," exclaimed the Sergeant at last. "Look! The
walls are as straight as my hand; and the moss is so slippery and soft
that no man could climb; and as to entering from above--why, see how
Devil, we shall never lay hands upon him. Malediction!"
It certainly did seem incredible at first sight that any human being
could have reached the Cave--if Cave it was--from above or from under,
difficult and perilous in the extreme, was not altogether impossible.
In the extreme corner of the Cathedral, close to what we have termed
the Altar, the cliff was hard and dry, and here and there were
"I tell you this," said Mikel whispering, "it can be done, for I have
"And I tell you we will follow if you will show us how to climb.
you refuse? Well, I do not blame you; for I have said it, only the
Turning to his men, however, he continued in a louder voice--
For a moment, it seemed as if the very crags would fall and crush the
"Again!" said Pipriac, signalling to another of his men.
At that moment, the gendarmes, who were still gazing eagerly upward,
disappointment; for the head was not that of a human being but that of
a goat; no other, indeed, than our old friend Jannedik, who, with her
two fore-feet on the edge of the Cave, and her great grave face
"So this is your deserter, fisherman?--a poor wretch of a goat, with a
beard and horns! Did I not say you were an ass for your pains?
not far away. If we had but a ladder! You would see, you would see!"
"Then if he escapes, do not say that I am to blame," cried the
fisherman, still in a low voice. "I would wager my boat, my nets, all
I have, that he bides in yonder, and is afraid to show his face. Is
nights and nights, and know well where he hides. I did not come to you
have a soul to be saved, he is up yonder, up in the Trou!"
did not vouchsafe any further reply;--and he and his men had turned
All looked up; and there, standing high above them at the mouth of the
down upon the spy,--but such an act would have been certain and
immediate death, so great was the height at which he stood. He
remained at the mouth of the Cave, panting and watching. As to
"We have been waiting a long time, but now we are glad to find you at
home. What are you doing up there, so high in the air? Diable, one
might as well fly like a bird! Well, there is no time to lose, and now
that we have found you, you had better come down at once. Come,
surrender! In the name of the Emperor!"
military line, looking up at the Trou and ready to fire at the word of
his hand to throw back his hair from his eyes, smiled, and waited.
you, if you delay too long. The game is up;--we have trumped your last
card, and you will gain little by stopping up there like a bird on its
"What do you want?" he asked in a hollow voice.
joke, to ask what we want; you are laughing at us, fox that you are.
Surrender, I repeat! In the name of the Emperor!"
Then, as if carried away by a common inspiration, all the gendarmes
the cry. After a pause, the answer came from above, in a low yet clear
"You are wasting your time. I will never be taken alive."
of some wild beast at bay. The black mouth of the Cave was now
the zenith, were untouched by the golden gleam.
place, he would much rather have never discovered the deserter at all;
for, after all, he pitied the man and remembered that he was the son
of an old friend. Again, he had, he considered, behaved throughout the
Lastly--and this feeling was perhaps the most powerful and predominant
at the moment--he had been up all night, without a drop of liquor to
temper of its owner, he was in no mood to be crossed--especially by
one who had so stupidly allowed himself to be discovered. So he took
"I will give you one minute," he cried, "then, if you do not
useless--do not be a fool, for I mean what I say; I will pick you off
from your perch as if you were a crow." After a pause, he added, "Are
on his face, he stood looking down at his tormentors. Standing thus,
"Once more, are you ready? In the name of the Emperor!"
In a moment there was a flash, a roar, and Sergeant Pipriac had fired.
with the view of intimidating him, is a question that cannot easily be
than all the other gendarmes had their weapons cocked and ready to
"Well, you are still alive! Perhaps, then, after all you will be
rational, and come quietly down and trust to the mercy of the Emperor.
Look you, I promise nothing, but I will do my best. In any case, you
will be done for if you stay up there, for you cannot escape us, that
is certain. Now then! I am giving you another chance. Which is it to
"I will never become a soldier."
"It is too late for that," said Mikel Grallon, speaking for the first
time and addressing Pipriac. "Besides, look you, he is a coward."
"I tell you, you are wasting time. Perhaps I am a coward, as Mikel
Grallon says; but one thing is certain, that I will never go to war,
and that I will never give myself up alive."
"Alive or dead, we shall have you--there is no escape."
"Up yonder my men are on the watch; this way, that way, all ways they
sensible man;--you are surrounded."
"Ha ha, then you admit that I am teaching you good sense. Very well!
as did all the other members of the group. The first man to understand
"Holy Virgin, he is right--it is the tide!"
the Gate. A few minutes more, and it would enter the Cathedral, when
"Follow! there is not a moment to lose;" but Pipriac, who, though
emergency, stood his ground and looked up at the Cave. Rohan, however,
"Diable!" cried the Sergeant, shaking his fist up at the spot where
and his troop. Coming round to the dry land immediately under the
men and women, young and old, waiting, chattering, wondering. Among
almost against her will. Descending the Ladder, she had found the tide
him--was he fighting for his life, and were they shooting him down?
Her face grew like a murdered woman's as she waited, with the hum of
but deep, pushed his way through the crowd followed by his men,
neither of whom uttered a word.
unnatural light. "What have they done? Have they found him? Is he
There was a general murmur, for, although the words were specially
that he was engaged against overwhelming odds in a frightful fight for
life; not even the Emperor was remembered, nor the fact that it was
passionate dream. Only a few hours before she had moved about like a
discovery--then the sound of the hue and cry; so that, indeed, she had
of her great grief, but when the light came, and the winds and rains
were loosened, she bent like a tree before the storm.
there, unarmed, within a little distance, and yet he had escaped his
an unholy pact with the Prince of Evil, or be under the special
protection of the Saint of God.
who, in his turn, had carried him safely through so many dangers, and
Trou. The majority, however, were inclined to think that a good
Spirit, not a bad, had taken the matter in hand, and that this good
to keep a careful watch from every side on the now inundated
Cathedral. Of one thing he was assured, that escape out of the Cave
was impossible, so long as the cliffs above and the shore below were
out to sea, or he must pass round to the shore by the way the others
had gone and come. Further away in the direction of the village, a
waited solitary up in his hiding-place, making no attempt at flight;
which, indeed, he well knew to be at present impossible. Now and then
covering the vast Cathedral-floor. He was safe, at least for the time
He lay within a vast natural cave, hewn in the very heart of the
with the comfort of a hardy animal. In a corner of the Cave he had
and part of a black loaf; while in a fissure of the wall above his bed
Here, in complete solitude, and often in total darkness, he had passed
affected by the exposure--indeed, had it not been for the constant
nature, will waste away to skin and bone under the strain of perpetual
prepare with her own hands; these she had secretly given to her son,
frequent, or even (as we have seen on one occasion) let them right
down to his hiding-place from the top of the cliffs. Without this
which he was in the habit of gathering from the sea.
uneasily to and fro, carefully keeping at a distance from the mouth,
to time she came up close, and rubbed her head into his hand, as if
More than an hour had passed since Pipriac and the rest had fled from
and a seal was swimming round and round, seeking in vain to find a
landing-place along the walls. Standing up there, he felt like one
suspended between water and sky.
he was, he had stood up in revolt against the Emperor--had openly and
behalf all the power and elements of Nature--had cried to the Earth,
"Hide me!" and to the Sea, "Protect me!" and had not cried in vain.
True, he had suffered in the struggle, as all that revolt must suffer;
but so far no specially evil consequence, apart from his own
had certainly obeyed the behest of his conscience, and that to him,
then, and thenceforth for ever, was the veritable voice of God.
believed him to be a renegade from a good cause, a traitor, and a
coward--a consolation, because he remembered all that she had been to
him, and because, night after night, passionate and loving as of old,
she came to him in dreams. Many a lonely hour, when no soul was near,
he had lingered in the centre of the Cathedral, going over in his mind
little child, walking with him hand in hand along the sands of the
Yet he had lost her, that was clear; he had chosen his lot with the
existence for themselves at the cost of family, caste, peace of body
Nature, and on his own heart; for if the worst came to the worst he
Even if safe submission had then been possible, on the condition that
was a man in whom ideas grow and multiply themselves, and become
people the blood-red fields of Hell; all that he had read, all that he
too horrible reality, they came there from time to time, paralyzing
his heart with despair and fear.
So that, after all, if we must have it so, he was in a certain sense
blood and tears which fell to earth, the fire and smoke which rose to
In due time the tide, which had risen high up the walls of the
more than one man approach at a time, that was certain. In a word,
that it had been lately there. The sea washed, and the rain fell, and
As the sounds came nearer and nearer, he quietly withdrew into the
there came a swarm of villagers, men and women, excited and expectant.
From time to time the Sergeant turned upon them and drove them back
and they numbered three or four score; and so now, when he re-entered
from its lair when the cruel hunters are close at hand.
him may be made a terror and a shining example to all the flock! Fetch
into full day; spare not, but take him alive, with a view to full and
Yet this is exactly what Pipriac is doing, and, indeed, the more he
or a fly, yea, or a snail, one might climb up yonder to the Cave, but
"What ho, deserter! Listen! Are you here? Diable, do you hear me?
There is no answer save the echoes reverberating from cliff to cliff.
"That is impossible," said Mikel Grallon. "Unless he is a ghost, he is
"Fisherman, you are an ass--stand back! If we had but a ladder, we
But there was no answer whatever, no stir, no sound. The villagers
It is necessary to be precise as to the date of these occurrences.
of the fugitive; but nearly three entire months had passed away before
in the great Cathedral. So that it was now the end of September, 1813.
A memorable time, out in the great storm-beaten world, as well as here
old, crying, "Thus far and no farther!"--yet to his wonder the waves
Autumn, 1813. All the World was against him; nay, the World and the
and his word was still a power to conjure with, his presence still an
and then? Why, there was little left for the stabbed and bleeding
Earth but to die; for, alas! she could bear no more.
Our business is not yet with the movement of great armies, with the
nearer home than any number of generalities. And we, who are about to
many; up till now it has been bloodless, and so far as the one man
himself is concerned it may remain so till the end.
miserable deserter, who has openly refused to fight for his country,
utterly incredible, and not to be endured. Up, some of you, and drag
were not old, if his legs were not shaky, would he not read you a
Stimulated by the curses of his superior, Pierre takes off his shoes,
puts his bayonet between his teeth, and begins to climb; the rocks are
he had not gone far, and beyond a few bruises he is little hurt.
clinging to the treacherous rocks with fingers and toes like a Cat's
claws, and wearing a cat-like determination in his face, when suddenly
It would be easy now to pick off the deserter, but if this were done,
hand over hand, more rapidly than he ascended. By the time that he
Another volley into the mouth of the Cave, given furiously at a signal
Sunset comes, and nothing has been done; the situation seems actually
unassailable. The rain has been falling more or less all day, and
every man is wet through and out of temper. The crowd of villagers,
the gendarmes are baffled at every turn.
The great Cathedral is empty, all is silent. But who is this that,
Still there is silence, and, turning sadly, she walks down the dark
Cathedral and follows the rest out of the Gate. She is in time, but at
Yes, he had heard; lying in there upon his bed of weeds, he had heard
the voice, and peering down, himself in darkness, he had seen the
enemies; but the excitement of the day had made him mad, suspicious,
when she had gone, he threw himself down upon his bed and wept.
consciousness of all that he had lost, of all the love and peace that
he had nearly won the certainty of what he was now, who had once been
The name went up into the hollows of the Cave, and voices answered him
All that night he was left in peace, but he knew well that close watch
no other place was so safe, and his foot was still in pain. He rested
in the total darkness, without a light of any kind; he heard the
preparation for his enemies. Scattered on the floor of the Cave were
carried to the mouth of the Cave, piling them one upon another in
hours he laboured, for it was no easy task; some of the stones being
done, his hands were bleeding, cut by the sharp edges of the stones.
Finally, when the tide crept into the place once more, he threw
When he awoke it was broad day--the mouth of the Cave was bright, and
the mouth of the Cave, now partially blocked up by the rocks and
below him, a crowd of men, almost all of whom wore uniform and carried
Again, the Mayor, holding a paper in his hand, called his name aloud.
After a moment's hesitation, he answered, "I am here!" There was a
"You were drawn for the Conscription in the early summer, and your
of need; there is no longer any chance of escape; why do you still
"Do you hear me? Are you still refractory? Have you not one word to
After a moment's pause, the voice from the Cave replied--
"If I surrender as you desire, what then?"
The Mayor shrugged his shoulders.
"You will be shot, of course, as a warning to others."
"Why, then, you will die too, but like a dog. There is but one law for
deserters--one law and short shrift. Now, do you understand?"
"And to save trouble, will you surrender?"
air that said, "I have done my duty, and wash my hands of the whole
affair." A long colloquy ensued, at the end of which the Mayor said,
"The rest is in your hands, and should be easy; he is only one man,
man's life is worth to climb up there; and besides, without ladders
only one man could ascend at a time."
must be reached. Are there no ladders in the village?"
would be a long ladder indeed to reach so far, and even then--"
"What man is this?" asked the Mayor, scowling.
"This is the man who first gave information," said Pipriac. "Stand
back, fisherman! What do you want?"
"The deserter is without means of subsistence. If the worst come to
the worst, he must starve to death."
the only question was whether to try at once to take the position by
storm, or to wait patiently until such time as the deserter either
returned empty-handed, after searching high and low, he saw the
passively until such time as capitulation came. It should never be
duty, and it should be done though it took him a score if years!
In the meantime, however, he sent to St. Gurlott for ladders, which
might be useful sooner or later, if not for reaching the deserter
arrival, he sat down, like a mighty general with his army surrounding
the tide left the Cathedral quite out of the question for
headquarters; and, moreover, it was necessary for Pipriac to pass to
A day and a night passed; and the prisoner made no sign.
watch was kept, not one avenue of escape being overlooked; and, to
suspected that it was to carry the deserter bread.
On the morning of the second day the sea rose high, and the wind blew
night upon the cliffs in the neighbourhood of the Cave.
escaped, but he did not try: out in the open country he would have
the darkness up the cliff to the spot where he had been discovered by
There was a moon, but from time to time her light was buried in dense
paused--and at last, with a powerful effort of the will--for he had
there would fain have washed their hands of it; but the more brutal
ones, faithful to their duty, drove the old woman back to her cottage
kept, so that no soul could possibly have left the village and
"Pray to the good God! He will direct us!"
for the widow's last attempt to send succour to her son had failed,
and now her very door was watched by cruel eyes. Ah, it was terrible!
to think that the son of her womb was out yonder starving in the
night, that he had not tasted bread for many hours, that she was
able to convey to him had been barely sufficient to support life, yet
it had sufficed; but now!--a whole day and night had passed since she
had vainly tried to reach him and had been discovered in the attempt.
Merciful God! to think of the darkness, and the cold, and the dreary
solitude of the Cave; and then, to crown all, the hunger!
The agony of those months of horror had left their mark on the weary
hours had been Marcelle, who, with a daughter's love and more than a
full, and the moon is shining on the watery floor. Far above on the
scattered, standing or lying; Pipriac is not with them, but he, too,
watched for the old signal, as he had watched the night before, in
for the future hours; but he had come to the end at last. Down on the
bear all, he would not care, if he had only a crust of bread to eat!
well--to distinguish shapes--but he can hear the well-known voice,
though it comes only in a whisper. Can it be real?
Yes, it is real! Peering down he sees, floating under the Altar, a
that rises and falls in the Cathedral.
whisper low, for they are on the watch."
and no one saw; but there is no time to lose. We have brought you
The man's eyes glitter as he bends over the descent, looking down at
through the Gate, and out to the sea beyond. Scarcely has he passed
the shadow of the Gate, however, when a gruff voice demands, "Who goes
"The lantern! let us see her face!"
Some one lifts a lighted lantern from the bottom of the boat and
What the foul fiend are you doing out here by the Gate at such an
hour? Do you know what will be the consequence if you are discovered
aiding and abetting the deserter? Well, it will be death!--death, look
be arrested or suffered to go about their business.
"Curses upon them, let them go! but we must keep our eyes open
stock, and I should be sorry to see you get into trouble. Now, away
seeing all quiet and in darkness, he gives the order to depart, and so
his boat, too, disappears from the scene. No sooner has the sound of
is saved from famine for the time being.
inconceivable; for every avenue of aid is now blocked, and there is no
known means by which a human being could bring him help, either by
land or sea. Save for the fact that from time to time glimpses are
would imagine the deserter to be dead. Yet he is not dead; and he does
not offer to surrender; and, indeed, he is tiresomely on the alert.
Naturally, the patience of his pursuers is exhausted; but they do not
is superstitious), begins to think he is dealing with a ghost after
Unless he is mysteriously fed by an angel, or (which is far more
days--drop from heaven; nor does it, in a form suitable for human
many nights and days, rooted out and brought to light by the mole-like
time, more or less, a hanger-on to the skirts of the besieging party:
coming and going at irregular intervals, but never quite abandoning
upward. Westward, on the cliff's face, not far from the Cathedral,
sitting on a rock with a group of his men around him.
"And what of the goat, fisherman?"
"Only this: it is going to the Trou, and it goes there by day and
cliffs, and will she not come to the deserter's call, and would it not
going straight down to the Cave!"
growling, to his feet, and calls a consultation, the result of which
is that the goat shall be strictly watched.
goat's throat, and suspended by a strong cord round the neck--a small
"It would be only just," says one of the gendarmes, "to shoot her for
"No, let her go," he cried, "the beast knows no better;" and as
in the direction the Cathedral, he muttered, "She will not be so
welcome to-day as usual, without her little present."
So the gendarmes eat the bread and cheese, and laugh as they reflect
with strict orders to watch the whole family, especially the goat. He
as of no importance;--but he is wrong.
winds blow with rain and hail, the sea roars night and day, the
and some of his old friends are falling away from him; indeed, if
folly of those who have fallen off from the Emperor, and look forward
for the news of French victory which is to come soon!
"I will tell you one thing that you have overlooked, clever as you
think yourself; if you had thought of it you would never have let the
Grallon is the devil! After all, a man cannot live on the milk of a
"It may suffice for a time," says Mikel Grallon; "there is Life in it.
As he speaks the goat is passing overhead, at a distance of several
"Can you shoot, fisherman?" he asks.
"I can hit a mark," is the reply.
"Malediction! at the goat; let us see what you are made of. Fire,--and
There is a flash, a report, and the bullet flies on to its mark above.
For a moment it appears to have missed, for the goat, though it seemed
to start at the sound, still stands in the same position, scarcely
staggers to her legs, and then, as if partially recovered, she runs
rapidly along the cliffs in the direction of the Cave.
received no other sustenance than the milk of the goat. At first,
returned many times a day to be relieved of her painful burthen; and
knew well that the end was near. The hand of Death seemed upon him,
all his fierce instinct upon him, to watch and to resist.
floor, lay down at his bed. For a time he scarcely noticed her, for he
his attention was attracted by the rough tongue licking his hand.
rolled over at his feet. He then saw, with horror, that she was
suffering from a terrible wound in the side, some distance behind the
approach of death, and sometimes they seem to love life well--so well,
had been a friend and a companion, almost human in the comfort she
brought. So long as she came to him, with or without tidings from the
broken. Several times he had flung his arms around her neck, and
almost wept, as he thought of the loving ones from whom she came, and
her familiar presence, seen from day to day, had made the dark cave
The poor beast knew her name and licked the hand of her master; then,
forgotten for the time, in this new surprise and pain; he gazed on the
The moon rose in the high heavens, but the wind had not abated, and
the sea was still thundering on the shore. It was one of those wild
autumn nights when there is a great shining in the upper air, with a
as a beast's within him, and the man's brain was mad. As a wild beast
One hour--two--passed thus. He seemed scarcely to see or hear.
of the sea and the shriek of the wind, he heard a startling sound. In
a moment he sprang to the mouth of the Cave--and not too soon; for the
in the moonlight, they shrank back with a loud cry.
Only for an instant; then they began to swarm up again.
fragments of rock which he had placed, ready for use, at the Cave's
out of reach. Then a voice shrieked "Fire!" and a shower of bullets
although his body was a constant target for their bullets, the
But the patience of the besiegers had been long exhausted, and the
suspension of attack was not destined to last long. Now that they
their hand, they were determined, at any risk, to unearth the creature
contrary, it facilitated them; and from time to time, when the moon
told off for that purpose, a number of men again advanced to the
behind the heap of rocks and stones which he had accumulated at the
mouth of the Cave; so that, although he presented no mark for the
rested against the face of the cliff, the defence began anew.
the safe part of the Cathedral; but as yet no man was dangerously
dashed it down with incredible force and fury on one of the ladders.
Fortunately, no human being had reached the point where the rock
turning again to his men, he cried, "Forward again! to the attack!"
Again the body of men moved forward under cover of fire, and again the
lonely Cave, with the wild figure of a man coming and going across it
like a ghost. To the cannonade of wind and sea, before which the
from being carried twenty times over; for as the time flew, and the
passed, and he still succeeded in keeping his enemies at bay; but his
round, his eyes were blinded with fatigue, and he heard rather than
Again and again the besiegers were repulsed; more than one was wounded
Many hours had passed away when the besiegers made a final attack,
more desperate than any that had taken place before. Advancing under
cover of darkness, they set their ladder against the cliff, while
their comrades covered the mouth of the Cave with their guns. In a
tremendous strength. There was a flash--a roar--and once more the
hurled back the ladder, and was in the act of discharging a fresh
volley of stones, when he was startled by the apparition of two human
With a shrill cry, the man fell backward into the crowd below;
fortunately, his fall was broken by the moving, heaving mass, and
was well-nigh exhausted and yielding rapidly to a species of vertigo.
over his head, and then, with a wild cry, hurled it downward at the
How long he lay unconscious he could not tell; but when he opened his
find himself face to face with his enemies, he started up and gazed
around him, he saw no sign of any human being. The moon was out
nearer and nearer to the great Altar. The silence was now explained.
The besiegers had withdrawn, as before, at the tide's approach, and
left him master of the situation.
remaining in the Cathedral, and lacking the skill or power to ascend
to the Cave, there would only have been one doom--a swift death in the
Well, the battle was over, and he had conquered; and indeed properly
provisioned for the purpose, and duly recovered from the effects of
his long privation, he could have held the position for an indefinite
from him. Hunger and cold had done their work, and the last citadel of
and despair. He had held out bravely, but he felt that he could hold
out no longer; he was safe for a little space, but he knew that his
against him, as he had feared and believed from the beginning.
beheld for the first time, right under him in the moonlight, something
prepared to descend the face of the cliff.
through the Gate with a roar like thunder and a snow-white flash of
white face upturned to the sky.
was still there, touched by the glimmering fingers of the moon; and
rising tide, was the body of a man.
The Battle was over, and he was the Victor, standing alone upon the
field; and at his feet, the Slain.
as well as single; his enemies would not return that night, and they
Bear in mind that Rohan, like all men of his race and religion, had
True, he was vindicated by the circumstance that he had merely
the air he breathed was sick and sacrificial. This, then, was the end
of all his dreams of love and peace!
the face of the murdered man. In his terror he was saying that he
party, looked upon him in the light of a deadly foe. He had been his
he had only been doing his duty in attempting to secure a deserter
truly as any of the rest. After all, thou wast a good fellow, and thy
ankle-deep, and the tide has yet another hour to rise. With one last
intently, and looks upward. Then, for the first time, the reality of
his own deed. Though he has slain a man in self-defence, rather than
of the law, is murder, and doubtless, sooner or later, he will have to
Stooping over from the Cave, he gazes down on the spot where he so
innocent in this thing, O God; not on my head be the guilt, but on his
who hunted me down and made me what I am; on him whose red Sword
dizzy path that leads up the face of the cliffs.
The date of that night is memorable. It was the 19th of October, 1813.
The circumstance which we are now about to relate is variously given
that he seemed to see such a vision, affirm that it must have been
extraordinary picture. Be that as it may, the story, resting on the
by a miraculous Mirage in the heavens.
The moon had passed into a cloud, whence, as from the folds of a
in the direction in which the wind was blowing: when suddenly, as if
at the signal of a Hand, the wind ceased, the clouds stood still, and
motion; and lo! they had assumed the likeness of mighty Armies
crossed by moving bodies of men, and strewn with dead and dying; and
in the heart of heaven was a great river, through which the tumultuous
like that dead face from which he was flying. Presently, however, all
the face which had so long haunted his life, and which the white
It was the 19th of October 1813, and at that very moment the French
and trembling, they again placed their ladders against the wall, and
the green plateau towards the village. It was a sorrowful procession,
for, with all his faults, the Sergeant was a favourite.
it down on the great table which stood in the centre of the kitchen.
kitchen fire! Many a time, also, with a wink of his one eye, had he
wide. Ere long the little Priest, with a face as white as a sheet,
entered in, and, kneeling by the dead man's side, said a long and
"And the other--Rohan--where is he? Is he taken?"
"He is not taken, and never will be taken, alive; we have searched the
"How did it all happen?" pursued the Priest. "You attempted to take
him, and he struck in self-defence; but then?"
of the latter part of the siege, during which he was ever and anon
nor unassisted, but that, in the shadow of the night, and amid the
himself to the Devil, who had formally undertaken to protect him from
the Emperor, was a statement which received general affirmation.
"Master Roberd," it was well known, was ever on the look-out for such
remnant of his "Maccabees;" and when he looked in the dead man's face
"Peace to his soul--he was a brave man!" ejaculated the veteran. "He
did his duty to the Emperor, and the good God will give him his
"And after all," said the Priest in a low voice, "he died in fair
fight, as it might be on the open field."
"That is not so," answered the Corporal firmly, looking very white
his turn. Hear me--I say it, though the man was flesh and blood of
"It is a sad thing, and it all comes, doubtless, of resisting the laws
of the Emperor; but look you, it was a matter of life and death, and
if he had not stricken in self-defence, he would have been taken and
slain. After all, it was one man against many?"
man cannot set the world right if it is in error; and it is one's
place to obey the law, and to do one's duty to God and the Emperor. He
would not obey, and now he has shed blood, for which, alas! the good
the art of killing. So strange a law is it of our human consciousness,
"What could he do? It was a fight for life."
"And now no man will pity him, for there is blood upon his hands; and
"Of course it is false; for what could he do? It is they who are to
him, for he struck in self-defence, and he was mad. O my son, my son!"
They sat together in the cottage under the cliff, and they spoke, with
blasphemy to have struck down the emissary of the great Emperor; and
they knew that for such a deed, however justifiable, there would be no
what was going on in the village. The gendarmes, furious and
"The King of Saxony has deserted the Emperor, and the armies of France
at last, and that all the Kings are now against him. Well, he has
eaten half a dozen Kings for breakfast before now, and will do so
and he has been three times under fire without so much as a scratch or
a burn. He has seen the Emperor quite close, and he says he is looking
them as he might have been, happy and well and strong, fighting for
that, had he quietly accepted his fate, he would still have been
becoming a brave soldier, he would have avoided all that series of
troubles and sins which had been the consequence of his resistance.
Blood he might have shed, but only the blood of enemies; which, as all
Night came on, black and stormy. The wind, which had fallen during the
home that she would not return that night.
before the fire; feeling all the world against them, heart-broken,
roaring of the wind and the beating of the rain, they heard a sound
low knocking at the door, the latch of which was secured for the
There was no need for one look, for one word, of recognition; swift as
knew it was he--the one creature they held dearest in the world.
stood, or rather crouched, before them, with his eyes on theirs.
upon his face, the dull dead fire that burned in his eyes.
Now for the first time they remembered that he was starving, and knew
hand and covered it with kisses.
sustenance, and his eyes only moved this way and that like a hungry
drank; then, and not till then, his eyes fell on hers with some sort
of recognition, and he said, in a hard and hollow voice--
She did not reply, but her eyes were blind with tears; then he laughed
vacantly, and looked down at his mother.
"I was starving, and so I came; they are busy up there, and they will
old fool has got his deserts, that is all! What a night!"
There was something in his tone so reckless, so distraught, that they
"You keep your good looks, little one: ah, but you have never known
what it is to starve! But for the starvation, look you, it would all
have been a good joke. See, I am worn to the bone--I have no flesh
left--if you met me out of doors you would say I was a ghost. How you
"No, Rohan, I am not afraid!" answered the girl, sobbing.
For a moment or two he looked fixedly at her, then his breast heaved
painfully, and he held his hand upon his heart.
"Tell me, then," he cried quickly, "why do you look at me like that?
touching; you do not know whom you are embracing. God and men are
against me, for I am a murderer, and for murderers there is no mercy.
Their answer was a low wail, but they only clung the closer to him,
and both his hands were wet with tears. His own soul was shaken, and
he drew the women to him with a low heart-broken cry.
"Mother! Marcelle! you do not hate me, you are not afraid?"
They looked up into his face, and their features shone with that love
past, and, hiding his face in his hands, he sobbed like a child, but
Suddenly, while they watched him in awe and pain, his attitude
look upon his face which they at first had feared so much. Despite the
Before they could say another word a knock came to the door.
across the floor, concealed himself in the blackest corner of the
"You cannot enter," said Marcelle; "it is too late, and we are abed."
The answer was a heavy blow on the door, which was only secured by a
"I know your voice, Marcelle Derval, and I have come all this way to
"Whoever you are, go away!" answered Marcelle in agony.
"Go away? Not I, till I have seen and spoken with you. Open the door,
As he spoke, the man dealt heavy blows upon the frail woodwork, and
"What brings you here at this time, Mikel Grallon?" she demanded.
shall strike you, though I am only a girl."
audacity, and his voice was insolent, threatening, and devil-may-care.
hurt much; but I know you do not mean it--it is only the way of you
women. Ah, my little Marcelle, you and I understand each other, and it
that coward of a cousin is done for, you will listen to reason--will
his arms around her; she struggled in his hold, and struck him with
her clenched hand upon the face, but he only laughed. Strange to say,
she knew to be listening, should betray himself or be discovered.
"Let me go!" she said in a low intense voice. "In God's name, let me
himself with a fierce oath, he found himself face to face with Mother
cried, as his eyes fell upon her. "Well, I suppose you have heard all
the news, and you know now what to think of your wretch of a son. He
has killed a man, and when he is caught, which will be soon, he will
the world, old woman. I am sorry for you, but it is you that are to
"silence, and go away. For the love of the Virgin go away this night,
She had come quite close to him as she spoke, and he again reached out
his arms and seized her with a laugh.
"I have come down to fetch you back," he said, "for you shall not
shall not stay; the home of a chouan and a coward is no place for you,
struggle, but I have you fast."
His arms were around her, and his hot face was pressed close to hers,
with terrific grip, choked him off. It was the work of a moment; and
he said in a lower, more intense voice, "I have you now, Mikel
Grallon. If you know a prayer say it quickly, for I mean to kill you.
me down like a dog, you have driven me mad with hunger and cold, but
now it is my turn. Pipriac is dead, but you are more guilty than
Pipriac, and you shall follow him to-night."
set himself free. It would doubtless have gone ill with him, had not
"Help!--the deserter!--help!" he shrieked in a loud voice.
through the door and disappeared into the night.
In the autumn of 1813, it was wild weather out in the great world
shadows of rain; and the wind blew these and those to and fro on the
faces of earth and heaven, so that the eye looked in vain this way and
that for a spot of sunshine and peace. The great Tidal Wave which had
step he took the way darkened and the situation became more dire.
Nevertheless, if chronicle is to be trusted, his face was calm, his
few years before, he had presided at the memorable Congress of Kings.
Things were indeed changed--even in the man's own soul. He could not
earth had fallen away from him, and, like Death on his white steed, he
above him, still, the Shadow of the Sword.
slowly in the direction of the village, which was still several miles
the sea. He was an old man, and with wind and rain beating furiously
in his face he made but little way. Again and again, to avoid the fury
of the blast, he almost crouched upon the ground.
outline of a building which stood alone in the very centre of the
The building was a ruin; the four walls, with a portion of the roof,
being intact, but door and windows had long since been swept away--
perhaps by human hands in the days of the Revolution. The walls were
For the moment the traveller hesitated; then, with a peculiar smile,
he sat down, well screened from the storm, and surveyed the interior
their own passions, were the names of the Mother of God; and this one
wallet from his back and opening it, he drew forth a piece of black
bread and began to eat. He had scarcely begun, when he was startled by
a sound as of a human voice, coming from the interior of the chapel;
peering through the darkness, he failed to distinguish any human form,
towards the altar, and beheld, stretched on the ground before the
stone image, the figure of a man.
As the old man approached and bent above him, he did not stir; but
when, with a look of recognition, the old man stooped and touched him,
he sprang to his feet like a wild beast, and, as if awakened from
terrible, covered with its matted hair and beard, and the light in his
dropped down to his side, and his eyes rolled wildly on the speaker.
Travnik, there was a report that you were dead, but I did not believe
thanking God for. Better to have died, one would have thought, than to
have grown into this--a ghost--
sadder sight on earth than the face of a hunted man.
storm. Of all the places on the earth to find you here! Ah, God, it is
an evil place, and those who come here have evil hearts. What were you
"Ah, you have great wrongs, and your enemies have been cruel indeed.
"It is not God I ask," he answered in a hollow voice, "not God, but
again and again. I have torn my heart out in prayer against the
turning to the altar, and stretching out his hands, he cried, "Mother
death, and he seemed about to cast himself again on the stones before
touched him gently on the shoulder.
"Let us sit down and talk together," he said softly. "There is news. I
have bread in my wallet and a little red wine;--let us eat and drink
together as in old times, and you shall hear all I know."
did so automatically, and it was evident that he was sadly in need of
this time all his passion had departed, and he was docile as a child.
position. After several days passed in the open plains and among the
great salt marshes, he had at last returned again to the Cave of St.
Gildas, whence, in a sort of delirium, he had issued that day to pray,
or rather to curse, in the Chapel of Hate.
"If they should return to seek me," he said, "I have discovered a way.
The Cave has an outlet which they will never find, and which I only
"You know the great Cave? Ah, no; but it is vast, like the Cathedral
with his great wounds bleeding, and his eyes looking at me. That was
only for a moment, then he was gone; but he came to me again and again
my father's friend, and that is worse. Mother of God, what a death! I
think of it always, and it gives me no peace!"
"Well, at last, one night, when there was black storm, I could bear it
no longer, and I struck a light with flint and steel, and I lit my
the walls with my feet, counting the paces. It was then I discovered,
in the far darkness of the great Cave, a hole through which a man
not find it out. I crawled through on hands and knees, and a little
way in I found another Cave, nearly as large as the first. Then!
thought, 'Let them come when they like, I shall be safe; I can crawl
there were stone passages winding into the heart of the earth."
Rohan did not reply, but seemed to have fallen again into a sort of
waking trance. At last he looked up, and pointing at the window of the
"See, the rain is over, and the moon is up."
"And now, what will you do? Ah, that I could help you! but I am so
in the Field of the Festival; and my mother has made torches of tallow
"God has given you great courage, and where another man's heart would
is hope yet. Do you know, there has been a great battle, and the
Germany others that he has tried to kill himself; but all say, and it
is certain, that he has been beaten as he was never beaten before, and
that he is in full retreat. The world has arisen against him at last."
An hour later the two men stood together at the Chapel door.
"I shall visit your uncle's house," said the itinerant, "and I shall
"Tell her to comfort my mother--she has no one else left in the
until it disappeared; then, throwing up his arms with a bitter cry, he
too fled from the place, like a man flying from some evil thing.
but an awkward silence followed, and it was clear that the entrance of
concoct a narrative totally misleading as to the true state of the
that it had been compelled to give up all its dreams of conquest, and
Now, the Corporal was no fool, and in reality his heart was very sore
for the sake of his favourite; but he was not the man to admit the
"You have news, I see," said the itinerant, after a long pause. "Is it
"About the great battle, and the retreat. Is not the Emperor still
marching on France, as they say?"
savagely in the bowl of his pipe.
"As they say?" he repeated, contemptuously. "As the geese say, Master
Arfoll! Ah! if you were an old soldier, and if you knew the Emperor as
I know him, you would not talk about retreating. Soul of a crow, does
a spider 'retreat' into his hole when he is trying to coax the flies?
Does a hawk 'retreat' into the sky when he is looking out for
like the owls; for just as they are laughing and running after him, as
they think, up he will pop in their midst and at their backs, ready to
he said after a little, looking at the fire:
his nephews, and down at the visitor, with a face as red as the bowl
"I do not know," he replied, "and I do not care. You are a scholar,
Master Arfoll, and you know a good deal of books, but I will tell you
frankly, you do not understand war. A great general does not count
these things; fifty men killed or fifty thousand, it is all the same;
he may lose twice as many men as the enemy, and yet he may have won
"Good lads, good lads!--yes; when we last heard from them they were
hand, and he was in high spirits, I can tell you. He had a little
scratch, and was nursed at the hospital for a month, but he was soon
all right again, and merry as a cricket. Ah! it is a brave life, he
says: plenty to eat and drink, and money to spend; that is the way,
"I do not know; powers of heaven, I cannot tell, for we have not heard
The white face of the widow was uplifted again, and the Corporal's
"They are in God's hands, and God will preserve them. They are doing
their duty like brave men in a glorious service, and He will not
desert them; and of this I am sure,--that we shall hear from them
fifty thousand the same fond cry, "We shall hear from them soon!"]
As the Corporal ceased to speak, the company became conscious of the
figure of a man, which had entered quietly at the open door, and now
feet were bare, and one was wrapped up in a bloody handkerchief. He
"God save all here!" he said in a shrill voice.
such he seemed--to a seat by the fire.
The new comer did not stir, but, leaning on his staff, wagged his head
The widow sprang up with a scream.
All started in amazement: the boys from their seats at the table,
apparition, and was crying over him, and kissing his hands.
Before another word could be said the mother screamed again.
"Mother of God, he has lost an arm!"
by the hand, and kissed him on both cheeks.
and kissing him again, came the question,--
best terms with himself and with the world.
"Ho�l is all right, mother, and sends his love. Ah, he has never had a
uncle, and they thought at first I should not be maimed; but when I
was lying in the hospital, well content, in comes the surgeon-major
As he spoke, his mother trembled, half fainting, and the boys looked
much as to say, "Good! this is a small matter; but the boy has come
"Before Dresden," replied the soldier, "on the second day; then I was
where we parted, and I came home. Well, here I am at home, and that's
By this time the Corporal had brought out a bottle, and was filling
"It is not bad stuff," said the hero. "To you all!"
"I will tell you this, little one. The German girls are like their own
her, still hanging by a ribbon round his neck, one of the medals she
had dipped before his departure in the Pool of the Blood of Christ.
and plied him with question after question, all of which he answered
was, he was surrounded in their eyes by a halo of military glory, and
experience, quietly pooh-poohed the other's old-fashioned opinions.
Gildas nodded his "I believe you," and then said, with his head cocked
on one side, in his uncle's own fashion--
"I saw him last at Dresden. It was raining cats and dogs, and the
about--you would have said it was an old woman on horseback, riding
the irreverent novice, "but he does not know how to ride."
shabby. You would not say he was the Emperor at all, but a beggar who
had stolen a horse to ride on. Ah, if you want something like a
"He dresses himself for battle as if he were going to a ball, and his
hair is all oiled and perfumed, and he has rings on his fingers, and
if you please, he can ride like an angel! His horse obeys him like a
It is just possible that the veteran and his nephew might have come to
words on the subject of their favourites; only just then the mother
brought warm water to bathe the soldier's sore feet, and, with a look
at her brother-in-law to deprecate further argument, knelt down and
hair and shave his beard, and then he will look my own handsome boy
might complain of his bad luck, but in his heart he knew that he was a
fortunate fellow. From a stranger's point of view, just then, he was
and affection. He had come back to her in life, though sadly marred,
contribution to glory, and, come what might, he could never go to war
any pretext to keep away: not that they were actually afraid, or that
they would have hesitated to raise the siege anew, but the death of
were more than once upon his track, and although he had come into
excitement of the news from the seat of war.
began to look at each other and to smile.
understand that the Emperor was the cause of her lover's misfortunes;
no, he was too great, too good, and--ah! if one could only reach his
ear! He loved his people well; he had given her uncle the Cross, and
all men knew he had a tender heart. How could he know what wicked men
did in his name? If she could only go to him, and fall at his feet,
had only been brave like her brother, God would have brought him back.
like a sleepless spirit through the darkness of the earth. Was it
in his ears, cold hands touched him, and again and again the ghost of
for a long distance parallel with the face of the cliff, and gradually
in the cliff. From this chink, which was like a window in the very
he could see the ocean for miles around him, the fishing vessels
coming from and going to the beach of the village, and, higher still,
a glimpse of the lower extremity of the village itself, quite a mile
sides on the base of the cliff, and creeping here and there into the
hiding-place, the aperture of which, to any one sailing on the sea
below, would have seemed like a mere dark stain on the crag's face.
Here he soon made his headquarters, free to enjoy the light of sun and
danger he descended through the darkness, and, after feeling his way
slippery rock in the very heart of a great water-cave.
only a few high, and so hung with moss and fungi as to be almost
remote, had tried to enter "Hell's Mouth," as they called it, and how
causes of these phenomena will be sufficiently apparent.
suffered so dark a persecution from all the forces of the world
without, it suddenly seemed as if Nature, in a mystery of new love and
balm, his soul with a new peace, and, folding him softly in her arms,
A stranger discovery was yet to come. He had found the key to a
mystery, and it opened many doors.
till all light faded, he retraced his steps.
It was just so broad that he could touch both walls with the tips of
tiptoe, with the tips of his fingers he could touch the roof. It
without any trace of vegetation. The air was damp and icy cold, like
the air of a sepulchre, but it did not seem otherwise impure. He had
flight of stone steps. Yes, his eyes did not deceive him: red granite
for now he knew for certain, what he had indeed suspected from the
first, that the excavations were not natural, but had been wrought by
Simple as this fact may appear, it filled him with a kind of terror,
and he almost turned to retrace his way. Recovering himself, however,
time; for he was standing on the very edge of a black gulf, at the
interior of the great vault, and that the floor on which he stood was
Suddenly, as he flashed his light over the place, he started aghast.
Not far away stood another figure, on the edge of the gulf, looking
Statue of black marble set on a pedestal on the very edge of the
eaten into its solid mass, so that part of the face was destroyed and
out of the water beneath. In size it was colossal, and standing close
Though the face was mutilated, the contour of the neck and head
great baths and theatres, the statues of the gods. Then, it was all
true! Not far away, perhaps, the City itself glimmered, and this was a
some of the water to his lips and found that it was quite fresh, with
Then, for the first time, he remembered the subterranean River, about
how often, down in the village, he had pressed his ear against the
if not the very river itself; and were he to launch himself upon them,
real, then; yet so strange, so like a wonderful dream!
sat and brooded in a new wonder. He was like a man who had been down
into the grave and had interviewed the dead, and had brought with him
black Statue, standing like a living thing in its place, the emblem of
HE, too, whoever he was, had lived and reigned, as the Emperor was
been set there by his slaves, and other statues of him had been set
name, and cry, "Hail, O C�sar, we who are about to die salute thee!"
of the sun, but of his footprints in the world there was no sign.
some time there had been heavy rain, and it was still falling,
but there was no wind, and the sea was calm as glass. Gazing from the
crawling this way and that among the reefs, and here and there a great
takes place twice a year; and the produce of which is used for fuel as
the forest leaves without a breath.
almost ceased to realize his own discovery; it seemed more and more a
dream, a vision, such as those to which his troubles had made him
accustomed and he was quite prepared to find himself in the position
sought in vain to discover it again.
As he entered, there came from within a strange sound which he had not
like the flapping of the great wind against the crag.
thunder, until it seemed the solid earth was quaking all around him;
tumbling and shrieking in the gulf, and tearing at the walls of stone
It still stood there, colossal and awful, but it was trembling in its
He gazed over the flight of black stairs leading to the River, and
Already it was within a few feet of the base of the Statue, and still
With the thunder of the waters in his ears, the walls of solid stone
rushing after him, and coming ever nearer and nearer.
Swift as thought he climbed up on the rocky ledge above the water, and
Chapter 43. "THE NIGHT OF THE DEAD"
through the darkness to hear the priest say mass, a task in which he
dawn. The night was dark and still, but the rain was falling heavily,
sound, like a cry from the earth beneath: a strange far-off murmur,
like the distant moaning of the sea.
spread, with a clean linen cloth, lights, and the evening meal; and
fire carefully arranged to last till dawn. For it was the Night of the
the supper eaten, and the household retired to rest, the Souls of the
and then they would rise from their beds, fall upon their knees, and
Not only from the little churchyard on the hill-side, where the light
the far-off towns, and most of all, in from the washing waters of the
and sea, from all the places where they slept, the Dead were coming
back to the homes they loved in life.
At one o'clock in the morning the moon would be full, and it would be
her mother behind her in the chapel, came down through the darkness
with some companions of her own age and sex, and parted with them at
upon the table, a great fire on the hearth, and the hero of Dresden
seated alone in the chimney corner.
mouth a great wooden pipe which he had brought back with him from
Germany. "The old one was anxious about you, and he has gone up the
street to look after you. Where is mother,--and the boys?"
"She is still at chapel, and will not return till it strikes twelve."
"I am tired, and I shall go to bed"
"Supper is ready," said Gildas; "sit down and eat."
Rohan, and now, when night came, she was thinking of him with strange
pain. It was the Night of the Dead, but she was too young to have much
to mourn for, and, beyond her two brothers, who had died in battle,
upon her, and she trembled before the shadow of something that did not
out yonder in the black night, as surely as if he no longer breathed
at all. While others had been praying for their lost, whom the good
there was only pain. So her sorrow was the worst to bear.
With this great agony in her heart she had yearned to be alone in her
chamber--to think, to pray; and so she had come home. The others would
in silence, that the poor ghosts might come in and take their place at
Once or twice Gildas arose, and gazed out into the pitch-black night--
witching hour was close at hand, and the silence was growing
he had suffered Marcelle to go to bed.
"What the devil can detain my uncle?" he muttered again and again.
"Soul of a crow!" he cried, "was there ever such a night? Are they not
The Corporal stumped across the room, and remained with his back to
"I went up the street to look for them, but seeing they did not come,
I went to the shore. The tide is up to the foot of the street, and it
not sleep to-night; but the sea is calm as glass."
"It must be the wind rising," said the Corporal; but when he walked to
the door, and threw it open to listen, there was not a breath.
"It is strange," he said in a low voice coming back to the fire. "I
have heard it twice before to-night, and one would say the earth was
"If it is the Souls of the Dead!"
The old Corporal made a gesture of reverence, and, turning his face
Then suddenly, without warning of any kind, the house shook again!
This time it did not seem as if stricken by wind; but there came to
"It is unaccountable," he exclaimed. "I will go again and see."
him and sallied forth into the night.
company he might have faced even a visitor from another world; but his
all nights in the year he did not care to be left alone. And, indeed,
a far more enlightened being would, under the circumstances, have
silence, broken only by the "plopping" and "pinging" of the heavy
Gildas stood at the door, looking out into the rain. The darkness was
of black rain running down the street. As he stood there listening,
upon his cheek, and there was a sound all round him as of the wailing
dead. Lights burned in the windows down the street, and many doors
stood open like his own, but there was no sign of any human being.
Re-entering the kitchen, he approached the wooden stairs, and called
"I am undressed, and was half asleep. What is it?"
Gildas did not care to confess that he was afraid, and wanted company;
"Oh, it is nothing! Mother has not come home yet, that is all; but my
uncle has gone to look after her. It is raining cats and dogs!"
"She told me she would not return till midnight, and she has the boys.
"You--you need not close your door--I may want to speak to you again."
"Yes," answered the voice, this time obviously from between the
"The noise? Ah, yes; it is only the wind."
splashing into his face. There was not a breath of wind, and by
listening closely he could distinctly hear the murmur of the sea.
into his mouth and his blood run cold. From inland, from the direction
of the chapel, there came a murmur, a roar, as if the sea lay that
there rose far away a sound like a human shriek, and all at once,
from the direction of the sea shore. Though he called to them they did
happening--what, it was impossible to guess.
was the matter. This time a voice answered, but only with a frightened
cry--"This way, for your life!"
There had been rain for weeks, and the valleys inland were already
rose high on the shore, the wind began to blow, the River rose blackly
in its bed, and, most terrible of all, the pent-up floods burst their
familiar. Situated in the gap of the great sea-wall, and lying at the
mouth of a narrow valley, it was equally at the mercy of inundations
upon the waves of the sea which crawled in beneath it to meet the
Only once in the memory of the oldest inhabitant had destruction come.
That was many years ago, so far back in time that it seemed an old
storms to mark the period of the autumnal equinox. Night after night
than they had been for many seasons past.
And now, on this Night of the Dead, when earth, air, and sea were
darkness, so that only its voice could be heard; but could the eye of
man have beheld it as it came, it would have been seen covered with
floating prey of all kinds--with trees uprooted from the ground,
hesitated an hour, as if prepared to sink into the earth like the
as he went. At midnight he reached the chapel on the hill-side, and
without ceremony, wet, dripping, and as white as a ghost from the
It was at this moment that the old Corporal, soaking and out of
temper, arrived at the chapel door, and found the widow and his two
groups of men and women, and accosted the farmer himself.
"Perhaps, after all, it will not come so far," he cried; "the pools of
The answer came, but not from the farmer; the roar of the waters
gone far when a voice cried in the darkness close by--
"I left her in the house below. But what is the matter? Are you all
and, indeed, the imminent hour had come, for the lights of the chapel
behind them were already extinguished in the raging waters, and the
seemed as if the very bosom of the Earth had burst and all the dark
the cranny which served him as a window, he saw only a great wall of
He sat for a time in the darkness, pondering on the discoveries that
the agonies he had undergone, and although he was subject to alarming
his powers of observation and reflection remained intact. He was
perfectly able, therefore, to perceive the obvious explanation of what
submersions of his native village, as well as the popular tradition
Was it possible, then, that the river which he had discovered crawling
through the heart of the cliffs was the same river which plunged into
If this was the case, all the phenomena were intelligible. The Roman
"Hell's Mouth" to the open ocean. How carefully the hands of man had
of God had been lifted, and the shining City by the sea was seen no
As he sat thinking he suddenly remembered that that night was the
from all quarters of the earth that night.
He lit his lantern, and sat for some time in its beam; but the dull
him, he heard a thunderous roar, which he knew came from the waters
near his fellow-beings, to escape from the frightful solitude which
fire in his heart which seemed to destroy all sense of wet or cold.
had grown accustomed to the darkness, and at last he was able dimly to
was still falling in torrents, and he was soaking to the skin; but,
totally indifferent to the elements, he proceeded on his way. Yet he
was bare-headed, and the ragged clothes he wore were only enough to
kinds, he did not feel cold; it would be time enough for that when
continued, and the night was pitch-dark; but he could see the blood-
intently he could hear at times the cry of a human voice.
It was the Night of the Dead, and he knew that in every house that
welcome, that night at least, wherever they chose to knock; while he,
At first, with the superstitious instinct that had been bred in him
and had not yet altogether forsaken him, he thought of the poor
He had not long to wait for an explanation. Soon, from inland, came a
a moment. The inundation was coming, and those who had been warned
It was now past midnight, and with the rising of the high tide there
had risen a faint wind, which, as if to deepen the horror of the
full. Although the rain continued to fall in torrents, the air was
close to the water's edge, and on the black line of smacks and skiffs
which now floated, as if at anchor, on the high tide.
destruction and of death. It was dreadful to stand up there on the
in the night, the waters ran from place to place, feeling for their
When the clouds again drifted off the face of the moon, and things
had driven from shore and were rocking up and down as if on a stormy
sea: and there was a sound in the air as of an earthquake, broken only
were every moment rising; and the tide, flowing into the streets,
mingled with the rivers of rain. Under the fury of the first attack
the wrath of Heaven had only just begun.
from the cottage to the heights above was a rocky path, and on this,
crossed themselves again and again. From time to time an exclamation
arose when the moon looked out and showed how the work of destruction
"Look--there was a light in the cabaret, but now it is all black!"
"They are screaming out yonder!"
The heights on each side of the village were now dotted with black
figures, many carrying lights. It was clear that, owing to the
superstitious customs of the night, many of the population had made
good their escape. It was no less certain, however, that many others
must have perished, or be perishing, amid the raging waters or in the
village, had so far escaped the fury of the inundation.
"It has nearly an hour yet to flow!" said another of the men.
themselves. Another hour of destruction, and what would then be left
heights above them, and, joining the group, called out the name of
The new comer replied in a voice full of excitement and terror.
the rest are safe up there: all of our family are safe but my sister
"She is in God's hands," cried an old man. "No man can help her now."
Gildas uttered a moan of misery, for he was really fond of his sister.
now approached, and demanded in her cold, clear voice--
there are none. They are all out yonder, where the flood meets the
tide, save those that are already carried out to sea."
"Ah God! that I should come back from the great wars to see such a
night as this! I have always had bad luck, but this is the worst. My
around my neck, and it kept me from harm. Ah, she was a good little
"It is not only Marcelle Derval," said the old man who had already
spoken; "it is not only one, but many, that shall be taken this night.
God be praised I have neither wife nor child to die so sad a death."
"Who says there are no boats?" it demanded in strange sharp tones.
There was no reply, but a dark figure, pushing through the group of
men, rapidly descended the crag in the direction of the sea.
"Mother of God!" whispered Grallon, as if struck by a sudden thought,
In the great terror and solemnity of the moment no one seemed
perfectly in keeping with all the horrors of that night. Silently the
men followed him down to the shore. The tide was now lapping at the
very door of his mother's cottage. He paused, looking down at the
water, and surrounded by the men.
"Where are all the rafts?" he asked.
than by eye-sight, that it was one of those smaller rafts which were
rudely constructed at that season of the year for the purpose of
was clear from the fact that it was still partially loaded and kept
rushing down in the arms of the rivers of rain. There was another
Several men ran rapidly along the beach in quest of what he sought;
for though they did not quite understand how he intended to act, and
to put his life in jeopardy, they were under the spell of his stronger
by the hand; "what are you going to do?"
"But you will die! you will perish in the waters!"
In the excitement of the moment Mother Gwenfern, like all the rest,
forfeited, and that all hands would have been ready, under other
his present danger; that he was going to certain death.
pushes of the oar, which he thrust to the bottom and used as a pole,
in danger of capsizing, he sank on his knees, and thus, partially
The men looked at one another shuddering.
The wind had risen, and was blowing gently off the land; and the sea,
became perilous, for it was quite clear that the raft could not live
another. Though the work was tedious, it was work in which he was well
The moon was shining clearly, so that he had now an opportunity of
just above high-water mark were covered to the very roofs, and all
issued, but it was clear that the full fury of the inundation had
and terribly at the foundations of the houses.
doubtless, dwelling in one-storied buildings, had been found in their
Fortunately, however, the greater portion of the population had been
astir, and had been able to escape a calamity which would otherwise
were being blown farther and farther out to sea; and here and there in
the stakes where they had been left to dry. More than once the raft
folds, something which glimmered like a human face.
Once among the troubled waters, he found it quite impossible to
the floating craft and threatened to carry it out to sea. At last, to
He was a strong swimmer, but his strength had been terribly reduced by
supporting himself by its aid, he struck out to the nearest of the
chain and drew his body partially out of the water. As he did so, he
To swim to the boat, and to drag himself into it by main force, was
the work of only a few minutes. He then discovered to his joy that it
contained a pair of paddles. Unfortunately, however, it was so leaky
and so full of water that his weight brought it down almost to the
attached to the smack, he climbed up over the stern of the latter, and
rapidly baled his boat, which was already filling with water.
the frail boat further in the face of such obstacles. The main street
valley, and with flotsam and jetsam of all kinds. To row against it
was utterly impossible; the moment he endeavoured to do so he was
life was no longer a precious thing to him, perhaps because his
he had determined once and for ever to show how a "coward" could act
among the other d�bris, the body of a child.
force his way along with greater ease. But at every yard of the way
complete. The lower houses were submerged, and some of the larger ones
had fallen. On many of the roofs were gathered groups of human beings,
kneeling and stretching out their hands to heaven.
dwelling, he discovered to his joy that the house was still intact.
The flood here was very swift and terrible, so that at first it almost
stories, the upper forming a sort of attic in the gable of the roof.
The waters had risen so high that the door and windows of the lower
The house was still some twenty yards away and very difficult to
reach. Clinging with one hand to the window-frame of one of the houses
prepared to drag it on. To add to the danger of his position the wind
into the full fury of the mid-current, the result must be almost
With the utmost difficulty he managed to row the boat to the window of
irresistible, he managed to clamber up to the roof, and, clutching in
beneath his feet, and he found himself dangling by his hands, while
hooks, used for keeping the casement open when it was thrown back.
her knees in the middle of the room, rose almost in terror. Surprised
in her sleep, she had given herself up for lost, but with her
her attire. Her feet, arms, and neck were bare, and her hair fell
"It is I--Rohan! I have come to save you, and there is no time to
his arms around her and drew her towards the window.
"Do not be afraid:" he said, in a hollow voice. "You will be saved
when I went to the window and saw the great waters and heard the
"Come away! there is no time to lose."
He drew her to the window, and pointed down to the boat which still
Seizing the rope with his left hand, he drew the boat towards him
the window, and bade her cling to his right arm with both hands while
he let her down into the boat. Fearful but firm, she obeyed, and in
At last they swept out into the open sea, where the tide, beaten by
gleaming lanterns, was a crowd of women and men.
After a moment's hesitation he ran the boat in upon the strand.
"Leap out!" he cried to his companion.
arms of her mother, who was eagerly giving thanks to God. Amazed and
"Are there no men among you," he cried, "that you stand there useless
and afraid? There are more perishing out there, women and children.
"The flood is going down, but the houses are still falling in, and
lives are being lost. Come with me, and we will find boats."
off in the direction of the village.
"God forgive me!" murmured the Corporal. "He is a brave man!"
devastation to a certain extent continued, and every moment added to
the peril of those survivors who remained in the village.
abandoning the small boat, the two men managed with the aid of the
the one in which they sat. A loud shout greeted them as they ran into
and continued their work of mercy.
It was weary work, and it lasted for hours. As the night advanced
At last, when the first peep of dawn came, all the good work was done,
shore close to his mother's cottage, and found himself almost
immediately surrounded by an excited crowd. Now for the first time the
full sense of his extraordinary position came upon him, and he drew
"In the name of the Emperor!" cried a voice. A hand was placed upon
sympathy was all with the hero of the night.
quietly for some seconds; then he disappeared.
"In the name of the Emperor!" he cried, angrily echoing the prostrate
And now the darkness of winter fell, and days and weeks and months
in the little churchyard, some had been carried out to the bottom of
the deep ocean and were never seen again.
When the Corporal went down to take stock of his dwelling, he found
ruined portion of the dwelling, and to make good the grievous loss in
the poor must starve and die. And then, following close upon the
flood, had come the news of the new conscription of 300,000 men, of
poor souls think that God was against them, and that there was neither
whether caused by the cruelty of Nature or the tyranny of Man--nor to
fortify the thoughts of those who love their kind, and which make
Let us, therefore, for a time darken the stage on which our actors
ways, despite the decree of death on all those who should express
manuvred until it was too late. By the treaty of March, 1814, Austria,
limits; and by the same treaty, and for the same purpose, that of
all over France still lay the Shadow of the Sword.
It was clearly impossible that he could be still in hiding out among
knew from various sources, although she had no idea where he was to be
who would perhaps forgive all his wild revolt, for the sake of the
good deeds that he had done on the terrible Night of the Dead.
and her; and he had vindicated his courage in a way which it was
other wicked counsellors had not put a spell upon him, he would have
Spinosa. War was one of the institutions of the world--
"It had been since the world began.
It was as much a thing of course as getting married or going to
confession; and it was, moreover, one of the noble professions in
declined, and people began to look forward eagerly for its setting,
as the voice of one crying in the wilderness, and there were none to
When, however, the tide began to turn, he found, like his master, that
"the Emperor," others began to speak boldly of "the King." He heard
stand on end, and to make him think with horror of another Deluge. One
evening, walking by the sea, he saw several bonfires burning up on the
would have turned his skin also, if that were possible, and if it
could be shown to be profitable. He seemed now to have abandoned the
fidelity to his rival. As soon as the tide of popular feeling was
in whom, ere long, people began to see the incarnation of all they
already beginning to be regarded with abhorrence.
quantities of tobacco to soothe the trouble of his heart, and he would
with a certain gentleness very unusual to him; and it seemed to
across at the Corporal sitting by the fire.
"There is only one thing that can cure him," said Gildas, whom she
addressed, "and that is, a great Victory."
While the great campaign was proceeding in the interior, and the
their successes, continued their dread of falling into one of those
So it came to pass, late in the month of March, that crowds of
swarms into the streets, and all eyes were gazing in the direction of
when this news reached him. "Every step towards Paris is a step
further away from their supplies. Do you think the Emperor does not
know what he is about? It is a trap, and Paris will swallow them like
a great mouth--snap! one bite, and they are gone. Wait."
"Women are in the way when there is to be fighting. Besides, she does
not want to see her relations, the Austrians, eaten up alive."
"The enemy in Paris!" he gasped. "Where is the Emperor?"
Ah, where indeed? For once in his life Bonaparte had fallen into a
the frontier out of the way. It was useless now to rush, almost
"The allied sovereigns refuse to treat with the Emperor," he read
"They refuse!" he cried, with a feeble attempt at his old manner. "You
I tell you, in a little while the Emperor Alexander will be glad
enough to kiss his feet. As for the Emperor of Austria, his conduct is
"Do you think there will be more fighting, my Corporal!" demanded the
"It is easier to put your hand in the lion's mouth than to pull it out
again. When the Emperor is desperate, he is terrible--all the world
knows that; and now that he has been trampled upon and insulted, he is
the ingle, and joining in the conversation for the first time. "They
Before he could complete the sentence, his uncle uttered a cry of rage
"I must go," he said; "but let me tell you, my Corporal, that your
and they were good friends to the Church; and if they should return to
prosperity, I, for one, will give them my allegiance."
"If they should return!" he muttered. "Ah, well, there is no danger of
that so long as the little Corporal is alive!"
the return of the exiled family--why, that, on the very face of it,
He was, of course, well acquainted with the state of popular
sentiment, and he knew how strong the Legitimist party was even in his
political feelings to speak of, and who had served under the Emperor
so long, beginning to side with the enemies of truth and justice! The
priest was a good fellow, but to hear him talk about "divine right"
was irritating. As if there was any right more divine than the
"Where are you going?" she said, placing herself in his way.
She was very pale, and there was a red mark around her eyes as if she
I shall hear the news. Soul of a crow! what is the matter with the
girl? Why do you look at me like that?"
"There is bad news," answered the widow, in a low voice.
quietly closing the door. As she did so, there came from without a
as of feet running down the road.
"What is that?" cried the Corporal. "Something has happened. Speak! do
of the respect and sense of power which had formerly made his life
physical health had been quietly breaking, and it is easy to
understand why he looked the ghost of his old self.
"Speak, Gildas!" he said. "You are a man, and these are only women.
What is the meaning of all this? Why do they seek to detain me in the
"I will tell you, uncle," cried Marcelle, "if you will not go out.
They are proclaiming the King!"
"Stand aside!" he cried in a husky voice. "Don't make me angry, you
women. I am not a child, and I must see for myself. God in Heaven! I
think the world is coming to an end."
Throwing the door wide open, he walked into the street. It was a
The village, long since recovered from the effects of the inundation,
sparkled in the sunshine. The street was quite empty, and there was no
Determined to make a personal survey of the state of affairs, Derval
besought to see that his uncle did not get into trouble. In a few
minutes they came in sight of a crowd of people of both sexes, who
were moving hither and thither as if under the influence of violent
The nobleman, who was elegantly clad in a rich suit of white and blue,
had his sword drawn: his wrinkled face was full of enthusiasm.
in Paris, and the white rose had already begun to blossom in every
"What is all this?" growled the Corporal, elbowing his way into the
crowd. "Soul of a crow! what does it mean?"
"Have you not heard the news?" shrieked a woman. "The Emperor is dead,
cockade of white cotton on the point of his sword, and pushed it over
fellow, here is a little present. It is not true that the usurper is
"What man is this?" he asked between his set teeth.
"If the old fool were not in his dotage," he said, "he would deserve
friends, to the chapel--let us offer a prayer to Our Blessed Lady, who
in a moment the two were face to face.
"Keep back, old man, or I shall hurt you!"
while the Corporal, on his side, found himself the centre of a
torn off and trampled on the ground. Fortunately, the combatants were
road in the direction of the Chapel.
his heart was very sad. The sight of the nobleman and his friends was
part of his estates had been restored to the family by the Emperor,
had long been a suspected resident abroad; and it was quite certain
"Would to God I might die for thee!"
About the beginning of the month of April a strange rumour spread over
sun were falling out of heaven. It was reported, on good authority,
that the Emperor had attempted suicide.
The rumour was immediately contradicted, but not before it had caused
impotent, and upon his knees, then nothing was safe--neither the stars
How strange, and yet how brief had been the glory of the man! It
seemed but the other day that he was a young general, with all his
It seemed, however, as if the Earth, released from an intolerable
and the wild roses were lighting their red lamps at the sun, and the
were growing rich and green, with the promise of abundant harvest.
to smell the fresh air and to sit in the sun, for he had been very
frail and irritable of late, and had become a prey to the most violent
despondency. He was not one of those men who love Nature, even in a
could only have seen, coming down the valley, the gleam of bayonets
and darkness of artillery, that would have been a prospect indeed!
Corporal started as if he had been shot, and pointed up the valley.
Marcelle gazed in the direction indicated, but saw nothing unusual.
The old man, violently agitated, rose to his feet, gazing at the
"Look again!" he cried. "Can you not see? What is it, Marcelle?"
touched her uncle on the arm, and said in a low voice--
"It is white, and it looks like a flag," he muttered, as if talking to
himself. "Yes, it is a flag, and it stirs in the wind." He added after
a minute, "It is the White Flag!--some villain has set it there!"
flocking on the road near the Chapel, a dark crowd of people moving
rapidly hither and thither. It was clear that something extraordinary
Emperor--were overthrown. He was not a praying man, but he had prayed
which it certainly was to him, caused a great shock to his troubled
menacingly at the flag, he said, "If there is no other man to tear
thee down, I will do it, for the Emperor's sake. I will trample on
thee as the Emperor will trample on the King, thy master!"
silence, he sat down again on the green grass. Just then, however,
Now, if at that moment she would have avoided one man more than
for the purpose of saying, "I prophesied these things, and you see
"Great changes are taking place, my Corporal. Here you live so far out
of the world that much escapes you, and the journals are full of lies.
It is certain, however, that the Emperor has abdicated."
to be silent, for she feared some outburst on the part of the
"Yes, there are great changes; and you...do you too wear the white
"I am no Royalist," he replied; "I have seen too much of Kings for
of parvenus and the prey of priests; there will be peace, but it will
be ignominious, and we shall still ask in vain for the Rights of Man."
After all, then, Master Arfoll was not such a fool as had been
supposed; if he could not appreciate the Emperor, he could at least
Derval said, as if wishing to change the subject--
"I have been far away," returned the itinerant, seating himself by the
Corporal's side. "You will wonder when I tell you that I have been to
"I have a kinsman at Meaux, and I was sent for to close his eyes; he
had no other friend on earth. While I was there, the Allies marched on
Paris, and I beheld all the horrors of the war. My Corporal, it was a
the country was laid waste. The poor peasants fled to the woods, and
hid themselves in caves, and the churches were full of women and
children. You could see the fires of towns and villages burning day
wolves came out and fed on the dead."
he was well used to such little incidents.
"At last, with many thousands more, I found my way into the great
corpse; and when they were denied, murder was often done. Ah, God!
out her babe's brains on the pavement of the street! Well, it was soon
"Poor wretches, they knew no better, and if they were wrong, God will
not blame them. But all this is not what I wished to tell you; it is
something which will interest you more. I saw the Emperor--at
"The Emperor!" repeated Derval in a low voice, not lifting his eyes.
His face was very pale, and during the description of the siege he had
still blue, the earth still green! And there--ah, God of Battles!--
though paler and somewhat thinner than on the day, about a year
She, too, was eager to hear what an eye-witness had to say of him whom
the Corporal's heart began to beat violently as at the roll-call of
into his, and he held it softly as he listened on.
"I will tell you the truth, my Corporal. When I saw the Guard called
ragged, and others were sick and ill. They were drawn up in a line
close to the Palace, and they waited a long time before he appeared.
At last he came, on horseback, with the brave Macdonald by his side,
dismounted; then he held up his hand; and there was dead silence. You
could have heard a pin drop. He wore his old overcoat and cocked hat;
I should have known him anywhere, from the pictures."
"How did he look?" asked the Corporal. "Ill? Pale?--but there, he was
"I was very close, and I could see his face; it was quite yellow, and
the cheeks hung heavily, and the eyes were leaden-coloured and sad.
But when he approached the ranks he smiled, and you would have thought
his face made of sunshine! I never saw such a smile before--it was
speak, and his voice was broken, and the tears rolled down his
"And he said?--he said?" gasped the Corporal, his voice choked with
"What he said you have perhaps read in the journals, but words cannot
that some day perhaps, he would write down the story of his battles
for the Imperial Eagle; and when the standard was brought he kissed it
a hundred times...Corporal, my heart was changed at that moment, and I
felt that I could have died to serve him. He is a great man!...A wail
rose from the throats of the Guard, and every face was drowned in
waves of the sea. Marshal Macdonald hid his face in his hands and
little; then it was all over. He mounted his horse, and rode slowly
"That night he left his palace, never to return."
her uncle. As she did so, the Corporal, without a word or a sign,
was vacant, and he seemed like one who talks in sleep.
"It is the Emperor's orders--tomorrow we march."
Gradually, however, recognition came back, and he attempted in vain to
"Is it thou, Marcelle?" he asked. "What is wrong?"
"Nothing is wrong," she answered, "but you have not been well. Ah God,
and confused, he was led slowly down the hill towards his own house,
which was fortunately not far away. As he went, the sound of firing
"What's that?" he said sharply.
"It is the enemy beginning the attack," said the Corporal in a low
Arfoll, and sought his advice as to the course next to be taken.
"If something is not done soon, he will surely die."
"There is but one way," said the schoolmaster; "he must be bled at
like man of fifty, was an old crony of the Corporal, and attended to
"I have said always," he explained, as the blood was flowing gently
is a man of passion, look you, and passion is dangerous, for it mounts
to the brain. But see, he stirs already." . . And, indeed, before an
"His heart is broken!" cried Marcelle, weeping on her mother's bosom.
"He thinks too much of the Emperor," said Gildas, "but the Emperor
would not fret for him, let me tell you. Emperor or King, it is one to
They were alone in the kitchen, talking in whispers. Night had come,
disturbing his rest. Ever and anon they heard the sound of footsteps
and singing; and it was clear that the village was full of excitement.
for some time, he took his hat and sauntered forth. He knew one or two
choice spirits who might be disposed to be convivial, and he had no
"I cannot rest," she said. "You will not want me, mother, and I will
go and see what they are doing."
So saying, after one last loving look at her uncle, to see that he was
door, slipped out into the night.
Chapter 50. THE HERO OF THE HOUR
burning, and at the mastheads of many of the fishing boats in the bay
then, with a soft sigh, she walked up the street. Her heart was very
house! It was like the Day of Judgment; only the wicked were not being
judged, and the good were being punished instead of the bad.
straggling groups of men and women upon the road, but it was too dark
through her heart like the stab of a knife. She had never felt so
deserted and forlorn. Ever since she could remember well, the Emperor
far away, some of it had always reached her uncle's house, with a sort
remember, her uncle had been an authority in the place, honoured as
should have been! If, as it was, she could only do something, however
God! that she had a man's hand to tear that white abomination down!
Creeping along from group to group she came to the graveyard of the
Chapel, and to her astonishment found it filled with an excited crowd.
standing on a high green mound in the centre of the crowd, a group of
had drawn their swords, and were waving them in the air, applauding
his words; and among them were several Priests.
remember how good the Emperor had been to them, and how he had called
them back to France, like the holy man he was, when the atheists would
Marmont, but on the lower ground, so that his head only reached to the
other's outstretched hands, the figure of a man. His back was turned
to Marcelle, and he was looking up at the speaker.
all you who fear God and love the King; and if there be one among you
who blames the man, let him stand forward and give me the lie. I say
this alone he was hunted down, even as the wolves of the woods are
hunted; and if in the despair of his heart he shed blood, I say he was
that he is a hero and a martyr." He added with an eager cry, "Embrace
the expression of his face, she would have noticed only a strange and
began to cheer, hysterical women began to sob, and the man was
to reach him. As if to avoid their touch, he stepped up on the mound
beheld him on the night of the flood. He gazed out on the crowd like
around him and grasped his hands, he did not seem to respond to their
to an excited impulse, and would have been as ready to tear him to
He did not utter a word, but, after gazing down in silence, he
descended the mound, and made his way straight to the spot where
cheer and call his name. Almost immediately he was face to face with
Marcelle, and his eyes were fixed on hers.
one of joy at seeing him alive and strong, she had almost immediately
uncle's heart, he could not have come back under circumstances less
had loved him, and that she owed him her life, in the horror of seeing
him again in the ranks of the abominable.
Nevertheless, in a sort of stupor, she walked on by his side down the
dark road, until they were quite alone. He did not say a word, and the
through. Then she drew away her hand, and he did not attempt to detain
too soldier-like a stuff, but she certainly did so on the present
It was a dim starlight night, and she could just see the glimmer of
her companion's face. At last, when the silence had become unbearable,
full of an unnatural excitement. Then, turning his eyes upon her, and
putting his hand upon her arm, he said in a hoarse voice--
"Well, it is all over, and I have come home. But where is your
His voice sounded so strangely that she looked at him in terror; then,
clinging to his arm and yielding to the tremor of her heart, she cried
see you alive again, and I have prayed for you every night as if your
soul was with God, and I have sat with your mother and talked about
you when all the others thought I was asleep. But all is changed, and
the Emperor is taken prisoner, and Uncle Ewen's heart is broken, and
we are all miserable, miserable, and all this night I have prayed to
Entirely losing her self-command, she hid her face upon his arm and
watched her quietly till the storm of her pain was over, when he said
"Why do you weep, Marcelle? Because the Emperor is hunted down?"
"When I found that Christ would not help me, I went to Notre Dame de
la Haine, and for a long time I thought she was deaf too. But I
prayed, and my prayers have come to pass--she heard me!--within a
speaker's face, which seemed wild and excited in the dim light.
"Almighty God!" she murmured, "what are you saying, Rohan?"
Rohan continued in a lower voice, as if talking to himself--
"I did not expect it so soon, but I knew it must come at last; old
Pipriac told me that in a dream. It has been a long chase, but at last
we have hunted him down, and now Our Lady of Hate will gnaw his heart,
"Why do you talk like that? Why are you so strange?"
He bent down his head and looked at her quietly.
"Yes; and I am afraid of you when you wander so."
"I believe you are right, Marcelle," he said, slowly, and with a very
different manner. "Sometimes I think that I am not in my right mind. I
have had great troubles to bear, and I have had so long to wait that
no wonder I am wearied out. Do not be angry with me; I shall be well
conquered herself, and took his hand. By this time they had reached
the main street of the village and were not far from her uncle's door.
"There is sickness in the house, or I would ask you in. Oh, Rohan,
Uncle Ewen is very ill, and I fear that he will die. He is heart-
"Because the Emperor is cast down?"
"I know you do not love the Emperor, because you think he has made you
suffer; but you are wrong--he could not know everything, and he would
pity you if he really knew. Rohan, once more, do not think I am not
"Your mother will be full of joy--it is a happy night for her. Good-
She stretched out both her hands and he took them in his; then he
quietly drew her to his breast, and kissed her gently on the brow.
warm form; he drew her closer, and she looked up into his face.
slowly away in the direction of his own home.
for fear; on the contrary, his wild story, spreading over the
proclaimed that he was a martyr, and that something ought to be done
for him by his countrymen: a change of opinion which becomes
intelligible when we observe that the Mayor, like so many others of
So Rohan sat again by his own hearth, a free man, and his mother's
her womb. Her happiness, however, was destined to be of brief
change was nothing compared to the moral and mental transformation. It
momentary--he was like a man who emerges from the shadow of the grave.
was constantly travelling back to the time of the siege in the Cave
and sickened, and would sit whole days looking into the fire.
During the long winter he had remained in hiding among the lonely huts
was not betrayed. His brain, however, was kept in a constant state of
tension, as he was liable to capture at any moment, and he had
world might justify him, but he could not justify himself. To have
blood upon his hands was terrible, and the blood of his father's
the grave. She was still the same to him when they met--gentle,
bed a few days, for he could not bear to lie there like a useless log;
but ever after that he was only the ghost of his old self--a shattered
any news which was likely to cause agitation. They could not, however,
keep him from examining the journals--from following in his mind's eye
the journey of Bonaparte from France and his arrival on the island of
forth, in order to see that the spirit of things was marvellously
came buzzing back, and it became a question how to fill their mouths.
The air rang with the names of a thousand Saints--there was one for
like flowers--or fungi--rising up in a night.
widow, who was nothing if not religious, of course took part in most
and who ought long ago to have returned home.
he had no strong opinions of his own, she felt that he was certainly
peace, for the place was seldom visited by any other living creature.
living and the certainty of a good harvest; only the soldiers
approached him with her old bright smile, and lifted up her face for
After a few words of greeting, they walked along side by side close to
"I must go home," she said; "I promised not to stay."
"I often wonder what he is doing and thinking--now."
"Of the Emperor. They have put him on one side, and he is far away
jest, I suppose, for all his power is gone for ever."
As Rohan spoke, his eyes were fixed as if in a trance, and his face
"After all, Master Arfoll was wrong when he said that the Emperor was
only flesh and blood like ourselves. Sometimes I have thought he is a
spirit, a shadow like the shadow of God; for it is hard to think of a
man's heart could bear it without breaking."
Marcelle did not quite catch the drift of the words, but she knew that
anger; but when she looked into her companion's face, which was
were all pity and pain. So she said gently, to change the subject--
first noticed and feared on the night when they had met in the
whisper that was already going about the village, to the effect that
her until they were close to her uncle's cottage, and when she paused
and put out her hand to say good-bye, he quietly said--"I shall go in
She started, for she had not exactly expected this, and when she had
introduced her uncle's name, it was merely with a view to distract
"Promise me, first, not to speak of the Emperor."
hesitation, and in another minute they crossed the threshold of the
hands, with considerable emotion on the part of the Corporal.
"I will tell thee this, Marcelle--he is brave--he has the heart of a
lion, but there is something wrong here!"
a frequent visitor to his uncle's house. Strange to say, he and his
so they promised to be excellent friends.
"We might have guessed it when he first refused to take up arms.
is as bad as the fever. Well, I freely forgive him all, for he is not
So the summer passed, and once again the sun moved on to the equinox.
situation, and began to speak of the Emperor with a solemn sorrow, as
"and the more brave because he knows how to respect a losing cause! I
often accompanied him--as when they were younger and happier. The
Corporal approved, saying to the widow: "He saved her life, and it is
returned from the war, saw no reason to dissent. If the truth were
told, the poor woman was going more and more over to the enemy. In her
secret heart she believed not only in the Pope, and the Saints, and
the priest told her he was a Monster; so she prayed God that he would
days had struck at the very roots of his life, and the bloom of his
more, but the process would be very sad and slow. His nervous system
passion, such as had carried him away when he made his first half-
for the moment into a happy man.
soul was her love for her cousin.
One day, when the snow was on the ground, and all was peaceful and
"Do you remember what you told me, long ago, that morning when I
carried you out of the Cathedral of St. Gildas? That you loved me, and
She hesitated for a moment; then looking at him quietly with her grey
They were standing down by the Fountain, looking at the sea. As
her lover's face wore a sad far-away look full of strange suggestions
"I am changed, Marcelle, and I think I shall never be quite myself.
Think again! There are many others who would love you well."
She put her hand gently in his.
"But I love you, Rohan," she replied.
undertook to procure the assent of the Bishop, which was necessary to
The Bishop, however made no obstacle, and it was arranged that the
marriage should take place in the spring.
Marcelle alone in the kitchen. She was dressed in a white gown, and
was busy at some household work. As he entered, she walked up to him
Marcelle, I have brought this for a sign."
natural signs, as much as by Saints' days and holidays; and it had
been arranged that these two should be married in spring, when "the
her, she leant her head upon his shoulder, and looked up, radiant,
Suddenly, as they stood there full of happiness, the door was dashed
a newspaper in his hand and his face was white as death.
As the Corporal spoke the words, Rohan threw his arms up into the air,
and shrieked like a man shot through the heart!
The news of the Emperor's escape was, as all the world knows, only too
had taken care to leave the door very wide open), and was again on
French soil at the head of a thousand men. To use the expressive
doing that He suffered such a thing to be? With the passing away of
others, the calm had looked as if it might last for ever. Slowly and
was a martyr; and at last he had had courage enough to reach out his
could set again upon his horror, he seemed to have grown very old.
his old seat. "Within a year!" It seemed as if she had given the world
At first, indeed, there was little hope. The priests thundered and
as to say, "This little business will soon be settled!" But every
bulletin brought fresh confirmation of the true state of affairs.
seemed as if the news of the uprising had filled the Corporal with new
himself had arisen. Oh, to march at the double, and to join the little
commotion seem in the eye of the great political leaders of the hour,
pond-business from the point of view of God or a philosopher. The
the old fellow on the head--a deed which would have been done, if he
flung himself into the arms of his old master, uncle and nephew
Coming and going like a shadow, Rohan listened for a word, a whisper,
to show him that there was still a chance. But every day darkened his
through which he had passed, and did she forget that this thing which
news had been carried to his ear. He could not rest at home, nor at
a weary dread. As yet no attempt had been made to lay a finger upon
him, or to remind him of his old revolt against the Emperor; men
indeed were as yet too busy watching the progress of the great game in
call might come at any moment, as he knew. So he wandered on the
struggle. It was calm and sunny weather, and entering the great
back from the south to build their nests and rear their young. He
climbed up to the Trou, still full of the traces of his old struggle,
becalmed far out on the glassy mirror, and the sun was shining in the
Later on in the day, he crawled down the dark passages which led to
the gigantic Water-cave, and ere long he was hanging over the deep
the top of the Cave, and, leaping down upon the shingle, faced the
claw, with the fury of the flood.
blood! One might have thought so; for he bent over it in fascination,
one might almost have regarded it as the corpse of what once was a
man--nay, an Emperor! But, thank God, the breath of life could never
When he came out into the open air, it was sunset, and the light
have arisen from the tomb, and to be floating in divine air. That dead
If He who made the tiger makes the lamb, and the one strange Hand that
figure emerged, and turned upon him a face full of horror and despair.
The world darkened--he staggered and held his hand upon his heart. He
had expected this, but it nevertheless came upon him as the lightning
"Come into the Chapel!" he cried, suiting the action to the word.
the evening shadows. All was as it had been not long ago, when the
the situation:--The village was in a state of disturbance, the news of
Yes, that was certain, for they had searched her own house. The death
her lover was under the influence of strong excitement, now appeared
himself--hysterically, indeed, if we may apply the term to one of the
which threatened to overthrow the reason and wreck the soul.
He looked at her without replying, and laughed again. Terrified at the
expression in his face she burst into sobs and moans.
had given her characteristic help in the shape of thirty-six millions
of money, to say nothing of the small contingent of eighty thousand
men, under the Duke of Wellington.
see, he will make them skip. I have seen a little fellow of a drummer
thrash a great grenadier, and it will be like that!"
poor heart was beating to the tune of one sad word, her son's name,
few days the Emperor will take the field." He added, with a smack of
his lips, "It sounds like old times!"
"Has any one seen Rohan?" he said, standing before the fireplace.
"They are after him out there!"
He jerked his thumb over his shoulder towards the door, which he had
"They called here, and I told them it would be all right. Rohan can
redeem his credit now and for ever, and save his skin at the same
time. There is but one plan, and he had better take it without delay."
"Soul of a crow! it is simple. The Emperor is in need of men--all the
wolves of the world are against him---and who helps him now, in time
of need, will make amends for all the past. Let Rohan go to him, or,
what is the same thing, to the nearest station of the grand army,
saying--'I am ready now to fight against the enemies of France;' let
him take his place in the ranks like a brave man,--and all will be
"I am not so sure," observed Gildas. "I have been having a glass with
will be shot in spite of his teeth; if so, it is a shame."
with the Emperor? I tell you he will be pardoned if he will fight.
"Uncle!" she cried with trembling lips.
"You are right, Marcelle, and I did him wrong; I forgot myself, and he
is a brave man. But if he should fail us now! now when Providence
itself offers him a way to save himself, and to wipe the stain off the
welcome him, like the Prodigal Son, into the ranks of the Brave!"
for there, standing in the chamber and listening to the speech, was
seemed as if the sudden shock had had the power to transform him to
with great hungry-looking eyes gazing from one to another of the
"Do not be afraid, mon garz," he exclaimed; "they are after you, but I
will make it all right, never fear. You have been refractory, but they
will forgive all that when you step forward like a man. There is no
Figuier, and tell him from me--Mother of God!" cried the old man,
seeming to hear a word of what was being said, was gazing wildly at
clinging to his arm, and looking into his face.
"Rohan! Do you not understand! they are looking for you, and if you do
not go in first, you will be killed!"
Turning his eyes upon her, he asked calmly enough, but in a strange
"Why then," broke in the Corporal, "it will be all forgotten. They
will just give you your gun and knapsack, and you will join the grand
army, and cover yourself with glory; and then, when the war is over--
which will be very soon--back you will come like a brave man, and find
my little Marcelle waiting for you, ready and willing to keep her
"If I do not surrender, what then?"
"You will be shot," answered the Corporal, "like a dog; but there--God
knows you will not be so insane! You will give yourself up, like a
"Yes, there is another," said Rohan in the same hard voice, with the
"If the Emperor should himself die! If he should be killed!"
"Saints of Heaven forbid! The very thought is treason!" he cried,
"If one were to find him sleeping in the darkness alone, it would be a
good deed! It would be one life instead of thousands, and then, look
you, the world would be at peace!"
awful to be the words of any one but a raving madman.
"That is true; but I shall not harm her, or any here. Good night,
Uncle Ewen--I am going." And he moved slowly towards the door.
Without replying, he shook off her hold, and turned to the door, and
asunder, and her hand pressed hard upon her heart. So he left them,
passing like a ghost out of sight. And when dawn came, and the
emissaries of Bonaparte were searching high and low, no trace of him
Chapter 55. THE BEGINNING OF THE END
great host. The air is full of a deep, sea-like sound, broken at times
by a rapid word of command, or a heavy roll of drums. All day the
The Grand Army is moving towards the frontier, and wherever it goes
Among those who linger here and there in the track of the advancing
columns, is a man who, to judge from his appearance, seems to have
savage, neglected-looking creature, who seems to have neither home nor
night he sleeps out in the open air, or in the shelter of barns and
savage men. He speaks French at times, but for the most part he
but one question: "Where is the Emperor? Will he pass this way?"
All who see him treat him as a maniac, and mad indeed he is, or seems.
this way and that by their violence as they flow like great rivers
More than once he is seized for theft, and then driven away with
blows. On one occasion he is taken as a spy, his hands are tied behind
him, and he is driven into the presence of a grizzly commander, who
at liberty to roam where he will.
But what is that gleaming in the distance there, under the village
spire! It seems like a pool shining in the sun, but it is the
moving like a shadow between the fields of wheat? It is a body of
but the villages are deserted, the wind-mills cease to turn, and the
of the armies have met, and a terrible struggle is beginning;
At the top of a woody hill stands the same woeful figure that we have
still, like some poor wretch whom the fatal fires have burned out of
horseback coming at full gallop, followed by a group of mounted
After pausing for a moment at the foot of the hill, the Figure gallops
upward, followed by the others.
Quietly and silently the man creeps back into the shadow of the wood.
The corporal lay in his arm-chair as if asleep, but his eyes were wide
lips with brandy, but it was of no avail.
"He will die!" cried Marcelle, wringing her hands. "It is one of the
"Had I not better run for the Priest?"
Poor soul, her first fear was that her brother-in-law might be hurried
In a very short time the little barber appeared, armed with all the
flows feebly," he said; "he is very weak, and it is doubtful if he
bedside, he put his hand gently on her head, while the tears rose in
well, I will tell you something that will do you good. Our advanced
"That is good news," he murmured presently, in a faint voice; then he
sank back upon his pillow and closed his eyes, with a heavy sigh.
The excitement of the last few weeks had been too much for him. Day
sounds in the distance. All the world was against the "Little
almost broken his heart. But when the Emperor re-emerged, like the sun
position; men were afraid then to give him the lie, and to deny those
and at the cabaret. Joy, however, is "dangerous" in more senses than
which had been weighing on her heart for many days. Nothing had been
was living or dead; so her mind was tortured on his account, and her
nights were broken, and her days were full of pain. All she could do
was unfaithful to a great cause, and that in his heart he hated the
fortunately for him, they contained only "good news." When, about a
week after his first attack, he was able to be dressed and to sit by
bulletins from the seat of war.
quietly, as if speaking to himself--
"I was unjust: he is a sensible fellow."
men felt for him. Ah, yes, he was a great man!
teaching purposes; and reading out of the New Testament, not the Old.
terrible thing, and Peace is best."
"That is quite true," replied the Corporal; "but War, look you, is a
"Not if men would love one another."
And he ground his teeth angrily, as if he would have liked to worry
When he had said au revoir and passed across the threshold, he heard
"Master Arfoll," said the girl in a quick low voice, "do you think he
"I cannot tell... He is very ill!"
"He is not a young man, and such shocks are cruel. I do not think he
will live long." He added gently, "There is no word of your cousin?"
She answered in the negative, and sadly returned into the house.
That very night there was considerable excitement in the village;
eyes, and he was compelled to entrust the task to Marcelle, who in a
That night he could not sleep, and before dawn he began to wander.
It was clear that some great change for the worse had taken place. He
and began scrambling out of bed.
after that he would start up nervously, as if at a sudden call.
Early in the morning Master Arfoll came and sat by his side, but he
such cases, pronounced his condition to be critical, and, upon hearing
"He shall have it," said Father Rolland, "if he will only understand.
grand m�l�e of battle, and he cried out in a loud voice, "No quarter!"
The summer sun shone brightly in upon him, as he lay thus full of his
a good servant to the Emperor and to France!"
It seemed as if the very name of the Emperor had a spell to draw the
Corporal from his swoon, for all at once he opened his eyes, and
looked straight at the Priest. He did not seem quite to recognise him,
sadly, that it tore Marcelle's heart to see him.
"Is it thou, little one?" he murmured faintly. "What was it that thou
"It is no time to think of battles now, my Corporal, for you are very
ill and will soon be in the presence of your God. I have come to give
you the last sacrament to prepare your soul for the change that is
about to come upon it. There is no time to lose. Make your peace with
with his sick charge. There was a long interval, during which the
his pillow with his eyes half closed, and on the bed beside him lay
"It is finished," said the little cur�; "he is not quite clear in his
head, and he did not recognise me, but God is good, and it will
suffice. His mind is now calm, and he is prepared to approach, in a
"Amen," cried the widow, with a great load off her mind. At that
Rolland; now, for the first time, he recognised him, and a faint flush
And with that war-cry upon his lips he drifted out to join the great
the direction of Ligny. The rain pours down upon him, but he too is
stand in groups behind him and close to him.
The heavy sound of cannon continues, rolling in the far distance.
Presently it ceases, and the Figure is still there, looking in the
minutes he is in the presence of the Emperor.
to those surrounding him; in another moment he is encircled by a flash
When all again is still, the man creeps out of the wood; he is
ground. He sees the bright group moving along the foot of the hill,
Still following the line of the wooded hill-tops, the man runs, now
fruit gardens. But no light burns in any of the windows, and it seems
is startled by the sound of horses' feet rapidly approaching; there is
a flash, a gleam in the darkness, and a body of cavalry gallop up.
Before they reach the door, he has plunged across the threshold.
Within all is dark, but he gropes his way across the great kitchen and
oak. It is obvious that the place has been lately occupied, for on the
rafters stretch overhead, and above them is the opening of the loft.
There is a tramp of feet and a sound of voices; the soldiers are
runs up the ladder, and disappears in the darkness of the loft above.
he gives some orders rapidly, and in a few moments they bring in an
armful of wood and kindle a fire on the hearth. As they do so, their
The farm is surrounded on every side by troops, and the rooms within
presence. All at once, through the open door, comes a familiar Figure,
wine, which they set before him on the table. He breaks a little of
them. He is left entirely alone.
the lamp. All is so silent that he can hear the pattering of the rain-
still, and, save for a low murmur of voices from the outer rooms,
there is no human sound. But overhead, buried in the blackness, a wild
For this night, look you, of all nights, the voice of God is with the
for a few brief hours before he takes the victory for which his soul
terrible than he ever yet has been!--they think they have him in a
He walks to the window, and peers out into the night. Although it is
summer, all is dark and cold and chill. As he stands for a moment
the firelight, which wraps him from head to foot like a robe of blood.
its hole and running along the beam--that is all.
There is a knock at the door. "Enter," he says, in a low clear voice;
open, runs his eye over it, and casts it aside without a word. As the
stands upon the hearth, and for a long time seems plunged in deep
throat he approaches the old arm-chair of oak, which is set before the
fire. And now--merciful God! what is this? He has sunk upon his knees.
prays. Not for long; after a minute he rises, and his face is
from the face of the earth, that God might once more cement his throne
the pity of it!" Wise was he who said that "the wicked are only poor
blind children, who know not what they do."
At last, throwing himself into the arm-chair, he lies back, and
many good men are praying for rest that will not come!
who has stood as a shadow between man's soul and the sun which God set
up in heaven in the beginning, and who has swept as lightning to
at Cain, and they cannot sleep. This man has waded in blood up to his
the footstool of the Throne of God. Yet he slumbers like a child.
The fire burns low, but it still fills the room with a dim light,
which mingles with the rays of the lamp upon the table. Up among the
The Emperor moans in his sleep, which is easily disturbed, but he does
looming in the dim light of the lamp--and it is wrapt from head to
in his hands; it is a long bayonet-like knife, such as hunters use in
themselves upon the sleeper. If this is an assassin, then surely that
And now, knife in hand, he stands close to the Emperor, looking upon
his face, and reading it line by line; as he does so, his own gleams
closer and closer, charmed towards the object on which they gaze,
Simultaneously the knife is raised, as if to strike home to the
At this moment the sleeper stirs, but still does not waken, for he is
climbed to the summit of earthly glory; he has chained to the
footstool of his throne all the kings of the earth; and is this to be
There is a movement as of feet in the outer chamber; then the voice of
heart, and soul of a man; each miraculously made, breathing the same
Feature by feature, line by line, he reads the Emperor's face. His
a movement from the antechamber. Perhaps they have heard sounds, and
and small like a woman's or a child's; yet is it not the hand that has
God? Is it not the hand of Cain, who slew his brother?
happy homes of earth, who has wandered from east to west knee-deep in
camest hither to behold a Shadow, an Image, a thing like that Form of
black marble set up as a symbol in the dark earth. Far away the
do thou have none. Remember, it is this one life against the peace and
A crown or a butterfly--is not all one? And in God's eyes, perchance,
he who sleeps here is only a poor foolish child!
Be that as it may, God has drawn round the sleeper's form a circle
there is still love in thine heart. Kill thou canst not now, though
him; bloody as he is, he too is God's child.
Perhaps if he had not prayed before he slept it might have been
easier; but he did pray, and his face became beautiful for the moment,
he stood up there, could the Spirit of Life find him; not till the
and turn him back to flesh...When men go by the place where the Idol
soul on which it feeds. He who hath had no mercy for mankind shall
window, leaps out into the darkness.
There is a loud cry in the distance, then the sound of shots, then a
Meanwhile, the sleeper, startled by the sounds, has sprung up in his
the window open, but no clue as to what hand threw it wide. The hero
of a hundred battles shivers, for he is superstitious, but he cannot
But now--to horse! He has rested too long, and it will soon be dawn...
Drums beat and trumpets sound, as he rides on through the dark night,
burning on the crags; the flocks of sea-birds have come from the south
of a beautiful young girl, sits just below him, holding his hand and
both signs of mourning, and her face is very pale.
Day after day, in the golden summer weather, the two come here and sit
sitting here, holding her hand, and contemplating the waters. His eyes
To-day, he speaks, not turning his gaze from the Sea.
I see him yonder, looking over the black waters. He is by himself; and
his face looks white as it did when I saw it, before the great battle
He smiles but does not answer. His words are a mystery to her. Since
the day when, after long months of absence, he returned home a broken
man, he has often spoken of wondrous things--of battles, of the
more peaceful and gentle, and now he can be guided like a child.
around him, clothing as with a white veil his figure and that of the
...But he does not rave when he speaks of one who lingers in the waste
waiting, watching, and dreaming, while the waters of the deep, sad and
Each cheek, on hand, gazing upon the Sea!

“What kind of problem?” Hutch asked. Even though he was from the settlements near Mariner Valley, he didn’t have the relaxed, drawling accent of that part of Mars. Hutch’s voice buzzed like a radio on just the wrong frequency.
“It’s not bad,” Leelee said, leaping to his defense. “It’s not bad, right, David? Not really a problem. Inconvenience maybe.”
“Don’t let it choke you, little man,” Hutch said. It was an old joke between them—David’s family were Polynesian before they were Martian, and between genetics and growing up at barely over a third of Terran g, David was over two meters tall and leaning toward pudgy. “Just say what it is. You got a bad batch, right?”
“No, nothing like that. The batch is fine. It’s just my aunt Bobbie’s come to live with us for a while. She’s always at the place now. Always. Anytime I get home, she’s there.”
“She doesn’t know anything,” David said. “She just lifts weights and watches video feeds all day.”
There was an undercurrent of amusement in his voice that made David’s guts unknot. He risked a glance at the thin man’s tea-brown eyes.
“So not a Marine anymore. And now what is she?”
“Just a f**king inconvenience,” David said. He took a little joy in the profanity. Hell and damn were the worst language tolerated in the Draper house. Fuck would have gotten him yelled at. Worse than that would be unthinkable. “The batch is fine. But it’s going to be harder to get the next one done. I can’t do any of the prep work at home now.”
“Shit,” Hutch said. “You had me thinking there was trouble for a minute there. Thought I was going to have to tell my people that my best cook fell down.”
“You do good work, little man,” Hutch said, taking out his hand terminal. The small chime meant the transfer was done. David’s secret account had a little more money in it, not that he was in this for the money. “Now, this auntie thing. What’s it going to do to your schedule?”
“I’ve still got the lab at school,” David said. “I can sign up for more time there. Seniors get preference, so it won’t be too hard. It’s just—”
“Yeah, no,” Hutch said. “Better we play safe. You tell me how much time you need to make the next batch; that’s how much time you can take.”
“I’m thinking a couple weeks at least,” David said.
“Take them, they’re yours,” Hutch said, waving his scarred hand. “We’re in this for the long haul, you and me. No reason to get greedy now.”
“You see my girl here back to the land of the living, eh, little man? I got a thing to do.”
“You’re doing all right?” he asked.
“Am,” she said, her voice slushy and soft. “It’s starting to come on.”
“That’s good.” He gathered her a little closer. She rested her head against his chest, and they waited quietly for the precious minutes to pass.

Other things you will want to look into when choosing who to go with for whale watching tours.
Posted by: buy an research paper _ November 25, 2011 at 11:38 AM

In 1996, former first lady Hillary Clinton published a book about parenting
and child-rearing called It Takes A Village. Clinton’s point was that parenting is a joint effort among many sources, and the ‘village’ is required to raise kids. While the book has since become a sort of joke among political insiders, there’s a subtle truth in Clinton’s concept – that where there are many caring eyes on children, safety is easier.
Dnata, provider of air and travel services in the Middle East,
The "successful" trial was conducted on a jointly developed logistics platform, utilizing blockchain for supply chain transactions, taking a purchase order from the origin to the final destination. Stating that blockchain technology and its potential is neither easy to understand or appreciate, Neetan Chopra, senior vice president for IT strategic services at
"It is imperative to carry out such business experiments and trials so that participants can experience the benefits of breakthrough technologies in a live environment."
The move follows the release of white paper by air transport IT firm SITA, detailing the use of smart contracts in the air transport industry. While, Air France is also testing blockchain technology for supply chain tracking.
Bitcoin has witnessed decent two-way business in the last 24 hours.
The descending trend line seen on the chart above has been breached as well, suggesting there is scope for a rally.
The charts suggest a rally to new all-time highs around $8,600 (rising channel ceiling) is possible. The 10-day moving average (MA) is sloping upwards, suggesting dips below the same could be short-lived. Currently, the 10-day MA stands at $7,949 levels.
However, multiple 4-hour closes below $7,9
To make it easier for people in the United Kingdom to spend
Learn more about the future of mobile advertising and how to reach modern audiences
Before rushing off to get a Dragoncard when it debuts in December, though, interested crypto owners should know a few things. First, the card itself is £20 ($26.33). Second, they will be charged a 0.5 percent fee whenever they buy or sell cryptocurrencies on LBX’s platform. Lastly, provider Wavecrest charges a small fee for ATM withdrawals — it is a debit card, after all.
This morning, the bitcoin cash-U.S. dollar (BCH/USD) exchange rate clocked an 11-day high of $1,623.80 at 08:14 UTC before losing some momentum. At press time, the world's third-largest cryptocurrency by market value is currently changing hands at $1,508 – up 21 percent for the last 24 hours, as per CoinMarketCap.
The base appears to have shifted higher to $1,250.
BCH looks set to take out resistance at $1,550 (horizontal red line) and move higher to $1,800-$2,000 in the near-term.
Online trading firms, hedge funds and foreign-exchange platforms are launching new bitcoin products to try to get onboard a rally that has seen the biggest cryptocurrency surge eightfold this year. Traders are hungry for ways to hedge downside risk and adopt flexible positions after three separate slumps of more than 25 percent this year and a raft of commentators warning of a bubble. “Investors are excited about the cryptocurrency but are unnerved by its volatility,” Peter Rosenstreich, the bank’s head of market strategy, said in an interview. “So we tried to build a trading algorithm that’s a protection against downside risks”
The 50-MA and 100-MA are curled up in favor of the bulls, suggesting a pullback could be short-lived.
The November slump “cleaned up weak hands,” Lee wrote Wednesday in a note to clients that almost doubled his last forecast. The strategist had warned earlier in the month that bitcoin’s rally to $7,000 from $3,500 raised the likelihood for a short-term pullback. “We no longer feel caution is warranted,” he said. Bitcoin rose 1.2 percent to $8,230.12 as of 11:05 a.m. in New York, about $100 short of its all-time high set Tuesday after Novogratz’s comments. The most popular cryptocurrency has surged more than sevenfold since December, surpassing $8,000 for the first time this week.
The Australian government has announced that it will provide
The federal grants are being provided as part of the government's Smart Cities and Suburbs Program, with support also coming from the Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO), Western Power, and the CRC for Low Carbon Living. The pilot is expected to commence within two months, and will last for two years, the post states.
The European Parliament has released a research paper
that explores blockchain, among other technologies, in the prevention of odometer tampering. he report, issued by the Directorate General for Internal Policies, investigates the possible role of blockchain technology in the use case, concluding that it might "present interesting potentials" for effective prevention of fraud through increased transparency and data privacy.
The study further suggests that blockchain can be supported by a "connected cars" concept that allows cloud access to all relevant vehicle data in a future scenario involving autonomous vehicles. Blockchain technology is one among the three approaches identified to address odometer fraud in the paper, including a standardized framework based on international standards (ISO) and equipping a vehicle with hardware security modules (HSMs) to protect data. The issue of odometer fraud, or "clocking," is one being investigated by other startups in the blockchain space, as well as major enterprises.
Bitcoin’s seemingly unstoppable bull run continued as it passed $8,000 for the first time around 6pm UTC yesterday (Nov. 19). The price has been flirting with $8,000 for days, probably because several signs point to the long promised arrival of institutional money in the cryptocurrency markets.
is virtually unheard of in the West. Shares of Shenzhen-based Tencent, a company that made its mark with its popular WeChat messaging service, rose 4.1% in trading Monday on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to close at HK$420, bringing the company’s valuation to HK$3.99 trillion (about $510 billion).
Tencent’s mobile chat app, ubiquitous across the country, originated in 2011 as the Chinese answer to WhatsApp, and now counts some 980 million active monthly users. It has evolved into a news reader, an online payment provider, a taxi hailer, and a search engine all rolled into one. While it makes very little money for Tencent directly, it’s a funnel for the mobile and PC games that have long remained Tencent’s cash cow, and it might eventually turn into something lucrative in its own right.
The company has delivered stellar earnings over the past year, driven largely by the success of the hit mobile game Honour of Kings. Last week it reported quarterly revenues of 65.2 billion yuan ($9.8 billion), up 61% from the year prior, and net income of
On Bitcoin's network, the problems become more complex if they are being solved too quickly. As more miners joined the system and the problems grew very difficult, miners started to pool together to do this work. Once purchased or mined, cryptocurrency lives in the individual's digital wallet and can be used to purchase items online or at local stores that accept the currency. The digital currency's value is derived from demand. At the time of writing, one Bitcoin was worth roughly $9,800 (it is highly volatile), while Monero has yet to hit four-digit worth.

Originally released back in 1954, this is a wonderful slim book. Its title, 'How to lie ...' is, of course, tongue in cheek. It's really how to spot lies. The problem has been there for a very long time now: it was Disraeli who said 'There are three types of lie: lies, damned lies, and statistics'. The third category exists, as does this book, because although statistics are supposed to reveal the truth, all too often, whether by malice or carelessness, they do exactly the opposite. The short, clear chapters cover these different sorts of lies, and more than once I called out 'Yes!' when I saw one of my particular bugbears being mentioned.
(My personal greatest complaint: when the bottom part of a graph is cut off, making the wiggle at the top look so much more by proportion.)
This is an easy book to understand, and if everyone had read it, advertisers and politicians would have to be so much more honest.
It's one of those books that I really ought to get around to reading - particularly since I teach a course in Data Visualisation which I subtitle How To Lie With Pictures.
It's light enough reading, both in thickness and in style, that it won't actually take very long. If you actually have access to a copy, put aside half an hour and read the first chapter.
I predict you'll read the rest in no time.
If you're presenting your own course, then both the style, and the particular chapter on 'one dimensional pictures' should make it required reading.
It is a most excellent book. Well, at least the Swedish translation from the 50s is, but I don't feel that extrapolating this to the original would be a dangerous extrapolation.

"You should have seen that sunrise with your own eyes..."
I'm really nervous for my "ASA" tomorrow for Music Therapy. I'll be praying hard that it goes well. I'll let you know how it goes.
On the bright side, I get to see Jeff tomorrow! =)
Not too much else to say about today. Two of my classes royally annoyed me, and the other two I rather enjoyed. My tongue seems to be completely better. So it's a good day. But I hope tomorrow is a better one!
In honor of my new resolution ---
My piano lesson was today, and I really think I'll be able to do well this semester! I'm gonna grow a lot, musically. And other ways too, I'm sure. I'm excited. =) Yay for my epic year! It's only just begun. =)
My other percussive moment today was when my head slammed into a shelf in the Institute bathroom. And the weird thing about that was that I smiled and started singing, and went on my way.
My expression of gratitude today is that I am so grateful I don't have boils. That's what I end up thinking about when my Anatomy readings are about the Integumentary System and my Old Testament class is about Job.
I'm going to have an awesome day tomorrow. I promised to. =)
The thing I fear however, is that a majority of the body will not let Him in, and so He is only at the head.
Other things I'm grateful for: that we didn't actually open the bags and see the cadavers today during my lab, my water filter is working, I have new pens (including pretty green ones), the Anatomy book at the library was available when I needed it, I found some new shortcuts through buildings on campus, I got to spend time with my roommates, my spaghetti was yummy, I wore my cute hat all morning (thanks Jeff!), and I got to draw a picture that means a lot to me during one of my MT classes.
In other news, I'm eating my fruit in the season thereof. I bought winter fruit at the store today - apples, oranges, lemons... but I forgot bananas...=(
A kind girl showed me how to get to the bus stop when I got lost. A shout-out thank you to that kind girl!
"...This will I do that ye may stand as witnesses for me hereafter, and that ye may know of a surety that I, the Lord God, do visit my people in their afflictions." Mosiah 24:14
Except for the fact that I forgot to go grocery shopping, and one of the few things available to me for dinner tonight were chocolate chip cookies. Oops!
"You should have seen that sunrise with your own e...

10 Things You Need to Know in Order to Date a Violinist
"A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit, and a violin. What else does a man need to be happy?"
February is here, and with it the season of love! Maybe you enjoy everything romantic, and I'm not just talking about the musical time period! I recently read a hilarious post called "8 Things You Need to Know Before Dating an Organist," which inspired me to write this blog.
1. You need to live on European or South American time: Dinner starts whenever we have finished teaching our students, practicing, or meeting with prospective clients. It may be later if we have rehearsals or a concert. Better yet, just plan on cooking for yourself! As my violin teacher Aunt Valerie said to her husband, it's a YOYO night. "You're on your own!"
2. Plan an escape room where you can block out the noise of beginning violin students. Uncle Brian had an entire room where musicians were not allowed to enter and bother him. (We broke this rule frequently.) This room may be your study, basement, or if these are still too close, the garage (my husband's favorite place to hide.)
4. Sometimes date night means dressing up to go sit alone at a concert where your spouse is performing. It may be sad to sit by your lonely self, but at least you can see your talented spouse on stage! You can always brag that you are with one of the violinists. If you behaved well at the concert (not too much texting or scrolling on your phone), you might get to grab dessert with your special someone afterwards!
5. Don't touch their instrument until you have been together at least a year; maybe two, or perhaps five. After that, you will probably become their roadie for all concerts, in which you will be expected to carry the instrument, music stand, music bag, and possibly an amp and microphones. You will most likely be asked to serve as photographer, videographer, and sound engineer as well.
6. Be adaptable. This may mean traveling with the violinist across the globe for a concert or gig. I will always remember leaving my husband with my friend's dad in France while I had to play a wedding, and although the two didn't speak the same language, they decided to go to the hardware store together to pick out tools. Apparently music isn't the only universal language!
7. Get used to sitting alone at church. The moment your organist or praise team director discovers your spouse plays violin, he or she will probably be playing in the balcony or on stage more than sitting with you in the pew.
8. If your significant other is female and top-notch at playing, you should not refer to her as ever having served as a mistress when you meant to say "concert mistress." Just say "concert master," and your life will be easier.
9. Become familiar with the parts of the violin. What may seem scandalous to you might not be as bad as it sounds in the violin world!
10. Be their biggest fan. Nothing says you love your violinist more than telling them how wonderful they performed at a concert. (Even if they missed their shift to the high note...) Violinists want to know that you appreciate their music, because it's a huge part of their identity!
I want to take time to thank the men in our lives: Dr. Stacy Peterson, Dr. Robert Rescot, Mr. Ben Lutz, and Mr. Forrest Parr, as well as our Uncle Brian Sullivan, for the countless hours you have given to serving the musicians in your lives. Although you work behind the scenes, we could never do it without you!
“I read the news today … about a lucky man who made the grade.”
AR: How would you describe a typical day for you?
AR: What has been your favorite class so far?
AR: What kinds of performing opportunities do you have?
AR: Are you involved in any extra-curricular activities?
CP: Yes, I like meeting people in other fields of study as well, so I joined the sorority Chi Omega. I enjoy going to our formals and Take-A-Date functions, like the one to Six Flags! Our philanthropy is with “Make a Wish Foundation,” which grants wishes to kids with severe cancer. For example, sometimes they bring in a famous baseball player to meet a child, or the kid gets to go to Disney world. One way we help raise funds is through our Chi-O chili cook-off competition. We collaborated with the Fraternity Kappa Sigma, and together raised over $50,000!
AR: What has been the best part of college for you so far?
CP: I am a very social person, so I like making new friends. In college there are so many opportunities to meet new people, especially on a big campus! As a freshman I ran around the football field with the other first years before our home games, which was a lot of fun! I also really love my church and Bible study. Our pastor is excellent, and always helps us to better understand what it means to be a Christian.
AR: What are you looking forward to the most this New Year?
CP: I will have my first opportunity to play in the opera pit this month, so I am excited to try it out! I am also looking forward to participating in the sorority/fraternity production of SING, where we all perform a mini musical. This summer I get to attend a music study abroad program in Austria, which will be a once in a lifetime experience!
CP: Go to class! Use good time management to schedule practice time, as well as plan breaks to avoid injury. Branch out to different styles, like jazz improvisation, and meet as many different kinds of people as you can!
AR: What products would you recommend for a new music major?
1. Buy a quality instrument. Most strings shops will let you try out several at a time to see which one is best for you.
2. I highly recommend the BAM violin case! It is much lighter than other cases, and great if you need to carry your instrument around campus! http://www.musiciansfriend.com/accessories/bam-high-tech-contoured-violin-case/472705000001000?cntry=us&source=3WWRWXGP&gclid=Cj0KEQiAhZPDBRCz642XqYOCpb8BEiQANUcwT9vx1XI8yphfbRH1KSOjyl24tYQnAIJ9H2bCLB9huUEaAiVz8P8HAQ&kwid=productads-adid^156403583515-device^c-plaid^140857971141-sku^472705000001000@ADL4MF-adType^PLA
3. Build your own music library. I suggest the following for starters:
Bach’s 6 Sonatas and Partitas : http://www.sharmusic.com/Sheet-Music/Violin/Unaccompanied/Bach-JS---6-Sonatas-and-Partitas-BWV-1001-1006--Solo-Violin---edited-by-Ivan-Galamian---International-Music-Company.axd#sthash.Tv2AEg54.dpbs
If you want to mix it up a bit this Christmas season, try baking your own “Bûche de Noël,” sip on delicious French tea, and listen to the following Christmas carols in French! Enjoy the renditions of many famous francophone artists over the years, from the 1950s to the present, as well as some beautiful traditional gems. If you feel particularly ambitious, write down the English equivalent of the songs, and check back next Friday for the answers! (The last two are only in French.)
In order to capture the essence of our childhood Christmas shows, I have written a few of our favorite memories. Enjoy!
12. Singing the intro to “Rudolf the Red-Nosed Reindeer,” and watching the audience laugh when the youngest member of the group emerged as Rudolf with a red, strap-on nose. Rudolf would then gallop vigorously around the stage, pretending to lead Santa’s sleigh.
10. Wearing matching Christmas dresses with my sisters sewn by my Dad’s mom, Carol, who wasn’t musical herself, but contributed her time and talent to the production. She never forgot to include the puffed sleeves!
8. In later years of the show, laughing at my sister Sheree who had to personify the back-side of the hippo while I dressed up as the over-sized head.
5. Leaning over, with my finger to my mouth, and saying “Ssshhhh” to my aunt when she sang a really high note in the middle of “Christmas is Coming.”
4. Dancing as hard as I could to “Rockin’ Around the Christmas Tree” and “Jingle Bell Rock,” even though my middle school dance moves needed a little tweaking…
3. Playing and singing the harmony part to “Angels We Have Heard on High,” and thinking I was very grown-up because I could carry an alto line for the first time!
2. Representing the 3 kings by presenting gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh to the baby Jesus.
1. My number one memory by far, however, didn’t actually involve me. After singing, playing, and dancing to the Christmas carols, near the end of the program my mom and her sister would always sing my personal favorite, “O Holy Night.” I will never forget standing backstage, listening in awe as mom’s beautiful soprano sailed over the audience. With her voice like an angel, she always knew how to convey the true meaning of the season: the birth of Christ.
Our members of Uptown Violins have been busy this year with two missions trips, one to Uganda, and the other to the Dominican Republic. I thought we should include a special edition blog for everyone who attended one of these two missions trips to tell about their experience. This includes the “Men of Uptown Violins” as well!
AR: Dr. Peterson, what was your experience working at the hospital in Kampala? What do you feel was the most meaningful part of your trip?
AP: I enjoyed seeing how excited the students were to learn new concepts and play sounds they may have never heard before. Not only is violin rarely played in Uganda, it is rarely even heard on the radio! The violin originated in Europe, so most classical music isn’t part of the African culture. Rhythmic instruments like bongos and drums are the basis of their music. Some of the students entertained us by performing native dances accompanied only by drums.
What struck me most about Uganda was that even though the country is behind in their infrastructure and housing, the people live above their situation. Maybe they don’t even realize that not having running water isn’t the norm in the United States. Cooking over charcoal rather than ovens is normal for them. It is interesting, however, that they have cell phones but no paved roads. The people work very long, hard days just to survive, yet in general they are very happy! I’m so glad I was able to meet these kind people.
KP: I found that the most rewarding part of the trip was watching the high school students grow throughout our time there. Students who originally were not comfortable with kids were giving them piggy-back rides and playing duck duck goose by the end of the week. Overall, I was touched by how joyful the Dominicans were, even though they had very little. It really brought my attention to how materialistic we are in America, and it inspired Forrest and myself to live our lives differently.
AR: Forrest, what kinds of activities did you conduct while working in the Dominican Republic? What was your most memorable experience there?
AR: I would like to say thanks to all of our participants for their inspiring stories! I pray we can all develop a spirit of gratitude for our many blessings as we approach Thanksgiving this year!
AR: What did a typical day look like for you while there?
SL: We would arrive at the school in the morning, Allison, Brittany, and myself gave private violin lessons to about 15 violin students. Some just started the violin this year, while others have participated in the program for about three years. They worked on songs such as Twinkle Twinkle Little Star, I Would Like A Fiddle including the “pizzicato” part, and Jesus Loves me. We would then eat lunch at the school prepared by Matron Josephine (who introduced us to some local cuisine!) followed by our music camp in the afternoon.
AR: What were some of the students’ favorite activities during the afternoon music camps?
SL: We thought it important to play a bit for the students to show them what is possible with practice and dedication: we played a wide variety of songs including the Bach Double, an arrangement written by Brittany of Be Thou My Vision/Angel by Jewel, and Fantomen so they could hear a bit of fiddling. The violin students performed Jesus Loves Me, I Would Like a Fiddle, an A-Major scale, as well as a very fun game of “follow the leader” while playing the rhythm “Grasshopper, Grashopper.” They even ended up sitting on the ground while playing!
AR: What did you learn from the students/teachers there?
SL: The kids are extremely open to learning new things. They cannot get enough information fast enough. What they do with that newfound knowledge is also amazing. They are very creative! They can build toys out of discarded plastic; they play games with found objects such as rocks, and dance unlike anything I’ve ever seen. We learned a lot from hearing their choir perform using call and response, listening to the marching band concert, and the highlight, watching the traditional African dance troupe!
AR: Outside of music, what did you enjoy most?
SL: We loved getting to know the students, teachers, and staff. Even though they face adversity, they persevere and constantly look out for one another. The teachers helped us so much and there is no way we could have held class without them! The staff, including the school’s director Joan Faith and social worker Melissa Mosher, are amazing women who give of themselves constantly to ensure safety, health, education, and love for the students.
SL: For me, the most surprising thing was the sense of family between the students. When 150 kids live at the school, it is impossible for the few adults to take on all of the chores. Daily activities that seem daunting to a five-year-old, including washing laundry by hand, learning English, and getting water, can be very difficult. The older students take the younger ones under their wings and help them learn.
AR: What are your plans to help maintain a relationship with the students there?
SL: We hope to be able to continue the pen-pal relationship we started with our US violin students. They have already been able to send and receive a letter. It was most encouraging for the students to hear from others who live half way across the world, but have the same interests and dedication as themselves. We also hope to maintain relationships through emails, sponsorships, and hopefully a return visit at some point (the configuration of people going may look different!).
AR: What are ways in which we can continue to help the students at SMK?
BP: You have to know how to read your audience. Stereotypically, younger crowds are often more drawn to the pop sets, including songs by Taylor Swift and Twenty One Pilots. Older generations, as well as people from cultures where classical music is more widespread, may better understand classical music references than the average American. Of course Texans are known for their love of country, so the ability to throw in a lick from “The Devil Went Down to Georgia” is a huge crowd pleaser. Audiences are most drawn to what they know, so it is important to be able to adjust your set lists accordingly.
Brittany does an excellent job of reading audiences and adjusting her performances to fit their needs. Although some people may believe adaptation is compromise, we must remember that adaptation is not new to the world of music. The musicians transitioning from the Classical to the Romantic Era adjusted their technique and even their instruments’ makeup to accommodate the large stages of Berlioz and Liszt, in stark contrast to the intimate settings of the royal residences hosting Mozart. So if you’re gonna play violin in Texas, you might have to fiddle with the band!
AR: What are some of the techniques you use to motivate your students to practice?
AR: What advice can you give to non-musical parents when working with their children at home?
I know that I, along with the other sisters in Uptown Violins, are all grateful for our mother’s inspiring love of music, and her dedication to her children. She worked tirelessly at helping us improve as musicians, and, more importantly, at developing our character. She taught us to persevere through difficulty, and the joy of accomplishing our goals. We also learned to play together as a family, and not just as individuals, which has been very motivational in our desire to perform together today.
“Then, in that hour of deliverance, my heart spoke. Does not such a country, and such defenders of their country, deserve a song?”
P.S. Stay tuned for our new “How to” series for the fall, featuring articles for performers, parents, students, and teachers alike! We will first look at challenges including how to motivate kids to practice!
When I returned to France a few summers ago, my husband and I had the chance to hear Camille perform Berlioz’ oratorio L’Enfance du Christ with the Orleans Symphony. This work is not often played, so it was a pleasure to hear it performed live in its entirety: one-and-a-half hours straight!
“Everything living has a rhythm. Do you feel your music? ”
The art of practical joking isn’t lost on the world of musicians. Contrary to popular belief, classical musicians are not always as stodgy and serious as they may appear! We like to play April fools jokes just as much as everyone else, and several composers loved writing jokes into their works.
I realize the irony of this quote when writing a blog about music. However, Mr. Saint- Saëns, I will give it my best shot!
In memory of the late Grandfather Harold Scheer (1922—2016), co-founder of the “Scheer Delights.”

Did you know that almost 70% of Americans are considered overweight?
If you find "weight loss" at the top of your health goals list, you are not alone.
In fact, about 99% of my clients come to me EXACTLY for that reason...support in losing weight and keeping it off.
They are frustrated, confused, and tired of counting points, counting calories, and trying to figure out which "diet" will create sustainable weight loss for them.
I hear the frustration in their voices. They just want a long-term solution so they can feel confident in their own skin.
They want to be able to live their purpose with passion and energy.
They want to be able to stop thinking about their weight so they can think about their life.
This is why I approach "weight loss" in a different way.
I call it "Holistic Weight Loss."
There is not a "one-size-fits-all" diet out there. (Don't fool yourself.)
And, it's NEVER just about the food you eat (or don't eat.)
Holistic weight loss is a multi-dimensional approach to losing weight and keeping it off (because you're a multi-dimensional human being.)
It's about integrating mind, body, and spirit to create your ideal weight and most vibrant health.
And, God wants to be right in the middle of your health and weight loss, just as He's right in the middle of everything else. We often find ourselves overweight, exhausted, and stressed out because we have lost connection with God and self.
Reconnecting with God and self is at the heart of the weight loss process. (And the part that's most often forgotten.)
Holistic weight loss is not "just another diet to try."
It's a way of life where you learn to cultivate wellness daily by being conscious and intentional about choices throughout the day. You learn what works well in your body and what does not.
YOU are the expert on YOU. Only you know how things feel in your body, so it's imperative to pay attention to that.
Once you bring your body back into balance, the weight begins to fall off.
This is not something you can do on your own. You must rely on God to walk the path with you. It's not by your own might that you break through strongholds and health-harming habits. It's by His power.
Don't you just love that scripture verse?!
If you find yourself frustrated with your weight loss efforts, it's time for a holistic approach. Bring your mind, body, and spirit together so they can co-create the health and weight you desire.
Release frustration and negativity, and rely on the presence of God.
The Real Reason for Eating Clean ...

About: Idea was born in 2004 in the USA, thats for the name Facebook, as they called university address books for students, it quickly expanded worldwide and set a standard for social content sharing to friends and family, and it has always been a controversy in privacy. Subscription is for free.
+ Use a ready to use platform for your social content sharing with friends, family, coworkers, teammates, distant parties, etc.
+ Good privacy settings once you master the settings configuration, to publish content to all public, only to specific people, etc.
+ Great speed of use, so they are backed by good sized servers.
+ Good way to know first handed onto what level of stupidity the people you know has: posting jumping photos, ugly kids photos, sharing when they are walking out of the bathroom, etc… sky is the limit! If you HATE this, don’t sign in!
– Privacy options, like protecting other third parties from checking your photos, profile and information, has always been confusing and mixed up, within the years Facebook has changed the layout of this options, but they are not easy to understand yet.
– You upload information that is private to you, to a third party, forever.
– Once you are in, it is hard to leave, because you get tied up with people that depend on the platform as if it was their right eye, so you might get tangled in consecuence…
– A new way people send you spam, advertising, and wanting you to “like” their restaurant, products, etc, so you get more exposed to all those stuff we hate.

HISD to give all students free breakfast, lunch and dinner
HOUSTON (FOX 26) - It can be tough to concentrate and nearly impossible to learn when you’re hungry. So free lunch is helpful, but free breakfast, lunch and dinner is even better. Every student attending HISD will soon receive free breakfast, lunch and dinner if they choose to. It’s a new program for our area beginning this coming school year.
“Feeding kids is always a good thing. Making sure good nutrition and good food is available to children is a good thing. A hungry child can not learn,” explains Betti Wiggins HISD Officer of Nutrition Services. She says breakfast, lunch and dinner will be provided free to every student in the district thanks to the federal Community Eligibility Provision program.
"It’s based upon numbers that HISD doesn’t determine. It’s based upon numbers of kids who are at risk in the city." Wiggins says the destruction left by Harvey is one main reason Houston is qualifying to give students three free meals a day in a district where 64 percent of the kids already receive free or reduced lunches.
"I think it’s great because some children aren’t able to get free lunch,” says Ashley Green, whose 9-year-old son attends HISD.
“Children who do get free lunches, they won’t feel so bad and the ones who maybe should get it and can’t, they actually will have the nutrition and food they need,” adds mother of two Rachel Yanez.
"This is completely news to us. Pretty much after school kids are on their own and scrambling to find food on their own. So that’s fantastic,” says Roel Guajardo who we caught up with enjoying the day with his children.
“They got to have breakfast, lunch and dinner. Families are busy. It just would be a lot of help,” says Stacy Buchanan.
“And it will help them study because when a child is hungry they can’t listen. They can’t understand anything,” adds Stella Michael-Egor.
We know what’s usually served for lunch and breakfast but what will be on the dinner menu? “It’s an honest to God dinner. It’s a rib sticking, mashed potatoes and meat loaf,” smiles Wiggins.
“Green beans and the whole thing that you’d think would go with it. Spaghetti and meatballs, philly cheesesteaks. All of it is something hearty at the end of the day. It might be their last meal of the day,” says HISD Executive Chef David Husbands.
Salad bars have also been added to all HISD schools this year. Dinner will be served at each school building in the after school program. If you live outside the Houston area, contact your district to find out if they’re taking part in the program to feed students three free meals a day.

High-speed steel (M2) drill bit for use with standard chucks of 9.5mm (3/8") diameter. Features 6.3mm (1/4") hex shank and drills standard 9.5mm (3/8") pocket-holes. Overall length 152mm (6").

(1) of the government department or committee responsible for executing the aforesaid mechanism as well as the vetting and approval of the open data plans submitted by the various departments; the number of government datasets expected to be opened up next year;
(2) whether the first open data plans to be published by the various government departments will contain implementation timetables; if so, of the details;
(3) whether the various government departments will open up more real-time data which are related to people's livelihood (e.g. data on the utilisation rates of public swimming pool complexes and study rooms);
(4) whether it will request public organisations such as the Hospital Authority and the Town Planning Board to formulate open data plans; if so, of the details; if not, the reasons for that; and
(5) whether it has formulated strategies and work plans for encouraging public utilities to open up their data, including (i) reviewing the relevant legal framework and (ii) considering the addition of provisions on opening up of data to the franchise agreements to be signed in future; if so, of the details; if not, the reasons for that?
After consulting the relevant bureaux and departments, our reply to the five parts of the question is as follows:
Since B/Ds are currently preparing the relevant plans, at this stage we are unable to provide the number of additional datasets to be released next year.
(2) In formulating their annual open data plans, B/Ds will take into account the needs of the public and the industry in assessing the priority and the timetable of opening up different data.
(3) The data currently opened up or planned to be opened up shortly by B/Ds cover different areas, including medical and health, transport, education, commerce and economy, environment, leisure and culture, housing, land development and information relating to people's livelihood.
(5) At present, the "data.gov.hk" portal has made available information related to public utilities, including:
The "data.gov.hk" portal has provided information on timetables and fare tables of the franchised ferry services operated by The "Star" Ferry Company, Limited since September this year.
Besides, the two power companies are planning to provide more power consumption data, having regard to relevant factors including safeguards for customers' privacy and compliance with relevant legislation.

Of the three wonderful books in this series, “Just One Taste” is definitely my favorite.
Almost all of this can be credited to one character: Rosemary.
Throughout the book, Rosemary’s adorable self will keep you smiling. There were a few moments where the dynamic between Rosemary and Wes reminded me of Bones and Booth from the TV show, Bones.
“Just One Taste” also satisfies the reader with the conclusion of the secondary romance that has played out throughout the first two books. Finally, all the answers about Frankie and Jess’s relationship are answered!
And just like the previous books, this one also comes with some recipes from dishes featured in the story.
A solid four stars. Love this series.

As I’ve had some days off not only from blogging here but also from following any sports as well as from betting on them I’ve almost lost interest in it as I tend to do over the summer.
Okey, I’ve been watching the NHL semi-finals and the Ice-hockey World Championship with at least one eye, and I send BIG congratulations to 19-year old Timrå IK player Magnus Pääjärvi-Svensson for making the all-star team as well as finishing in the top of most statistic listings for the World Championship and bringing home a bronze medal to Sweden with him!
Well, that’s all the thoughts I’ve got when it comes to betting right now and if I have to recommend just one bet I would put it on Copper Beech NOT reaching the Elitloppet final to 2.10 in odds – this horse has done well but I think he’s up against too good horses to finish top 4 in his heat this time.
Place your bets on World Cup Group A here.
When I stepped into the Hummer limo outside The Venetian I at last realized that this dream was for real. It was an amazing feeling to cruise in Vegas and meet all the other winners and it was obvious that all of us were a bit gobsmacked when we sat in this huge special limo sipping on a beer.
Scotty greeted us at a bowling parlour where we had a VIP section and plenty of food and drinks. We laughed a lot as we tried and do those strikes and Scotty finished it off with showing some card tricks. Now we are waiting for the poker action to start and it will be an experience to remember for my whole life.
Scotty is so cool and relaxed hanging around with and I hope that we get a great day and night!

Pictures of the CHURCH and our SCHOOL 2008
Pictures of the July 4th, 2003 Picnic Here.
Pictures of the Reunion Dinner - July 5th, 2003 Here.

Heya! I know this probably isn't the best place for this post, so if you agree LMK and I will remove. Anyway as anyone able to find and/or recreate stills of the iPhone 6s Wallpapers (fish/ smoke)
I am talking about stills of the iPhone 6s motion wallpapers!
Although these are the new wallpapers that come with iOS 9 I am looking for the Motion Wallpapers as stills. I guess those just aren't out yet! Will have to keep my eyes peeled around the 25th! Thanks though!
Follow the Phone Arena link, they are there. --> http://www.phonearena.com/news/Download-all-of-the-still-and-live-iOS-9-wallpapers-here_id73642
These are what I am looking for! Awesome! Thanks so much.

IT'S been the question on everyone's minds and today Marco Pierre White Jr CONFIRMED he was a single man on This Morning.
Marco said: "I'm in contact with her at the moment, I just spoke to her now, I think we've decided to see how it goes next couple of week and just be friends at the moment,".
He added [on his behaviour on the reality TV show]: "I feel guilty, I feel bad."
The model also agreed he got engaged "a bit early" (this is his second engagement of the year) and doesn't "know why" he keeps doing it.
The 21-year-old also claimed that Kim has sold a story on him and he said: "I don't really feel comfortable with someone that I'm in a relationship with selling stories about me".

For the love of Thieves, please go away sickness.
Gah. I digress. It's a part of life. I get it.
BUT, I am also privy to something that can help keep tha germs away. THIEVES.
We use the oil on our feet at night with socks - I've talked about that before here. We diffuse Thieves. Smells great and is great for the body.
But not long ago, I finally also made the switch from a bleach cleaner to Thieves household cleaner for my counter tops.
I realized that I had several essential rewards points stacked up, AND I could use those points for the Thieves household cleaner. So basically I got a whole bottle for free.
If you have ever been to my house, you know, we spend 90% of the time in the kitchen at the counter top. It's where Ellis eats breakfast, enjoys drawing and playing, and sometimes it's where we eat as a family. So, I now use Thieves cleaner to clean that very spot -- some days 20X's a day!
For a while I just used a plastic spray bottle from Home Depot for my counter top spray, but just a week or so ago, I found these awesome glass amber spray bottles on Amazon.
I used my Silhouette and some vinyl to make the label, and then put that baby to use.
I prefer to fill the glass bottle with tap water first - so that when I add the Thieves cleaner it doesn't foam up and over the top.
One 160z. glass bottle only needs ONE cap full of the Thieves cleaner. That means that this 14.4 oz bottle (retails for $29.61 or wholesale for $22.50) is going to last a long time - even if I am spraying and cleaning the counter tops 20xs a day.
Screw on the top of the bottle, and give it a good shake and it's ready to use.
I love the familiar great smell of Thieves and even more that it's non-toxic, so I don't have to worry if my sweet darling decides to lick the counter top instead of using a napkin to wipe up drops of ice cream. That's a hypothetical scenario, of course - ha! ;)
But seriously, Ellis can also help me wipe down the counters or cabinets and I don't have to worry about having to call poison control. It's safe, smells good and is helping us to ward off tha germs.
Cause when it comes to germs, "I kill, I don't steal."
(If you can tell me what movie that saying comes from, we can be besties!)
I have often told people that if Ellis ever has to have therapy sessions when she is older because of our relationship, the culprit will be our relationship with her hair.
So last summer, I started watching Youtube videos to learn how to braid her her. I started small with just braiding the hair on either side of her face and then pulling them both back into a pony tail.
You can see here, this is fresh from coming from swim lessons that day - and they held up well.
So for a while I stuck with what I knew worked.
I remember a couple of women asking her at Walmart if her mama had done her hair this day...it made my day. I was so happy that I found something that worked to keep it off her face and looked good. #mamawin Thank you, kind strangers for your compliments!!!
That hair wrapped around the pony tail didn't hold, by the way - still have yet to figure out how to get that to hold in place.
Got a little fancier with a bun in the center using one of those Bun-dini's...
The braids held. The bun, not so much - at least not all day.
And finally I worked on a two braids all the way down.
Finally, my most favorite way to braid her hair - the braided headband.
So now, for my quick tips for learning how to braid:
TV is a must to keep her busy while I practice/work...it keeps her occupied and still long enough for me to work on her hair.
I have to get her hair completely wet with a spray bottle of water. This helps it so much to brush out, but also helps me to work a little faster than with dry hair.
If I have to "start over" I usually do not make a big deal out of it - sometimes she notices, but most of the time because she is watching t.v., she barely notices.
TIME. It takes about 5-10 minutes, so I always allot enough time for us to get it done without having to rush.
Practice. I know that's a no brainer, but still, practice makes better.
Perfection does not exist. Luckily, with her hair type (curly, and a bit frizzy), the imperfections generally work themselves out within a few hours. So if it doesn't quite look how I wanted it to, sometimes I will fix, but most of the time I just let it be.
And as her mama, I will always try my best to make a hard situation better for us. Get past the struggle, and find the good...even if that means watching Youtube to learn something new at thirty-six years old.
This year I am doing something similar - candy-less, but I have yet to put it together just yet. Probably need to get started on that, seeing as how we are already five days into February. How is it not still January?!
I know there are lots of fun "Candy-Less" ideas on Pinterest, this one just seemed fitting last year because Ellis was VERY into gluing things. She insisted that her classmates would LOVE a bottle of their very own glue.
1. This girl who made hot chocolate for both of us yesterday.
It always amazes me what she knows how to do from just paying attention to Adam and I and following in suit. I love the independence she has been so excited to show us lately.
2. We are launching Les Mills RPM 77 tomorrow. I know, more gym talk?! YES. This program was a complete game changer for my fitness. It challenges my cardio endurance and leg and core strength like no other. And this release...it's really really fun and by fun, my gym friends know I mean TOUGH but in the best way!!! Here's a sneak peek of each track.
3. And speaking of "tough" - this digital lettering challenge from this past week. I'm not saying my lettering is my favorite, but the quote is.
4. This diffuser blend that literally clears the air.
Taken on Christmas Day. I came across it yesterday when I found the one of my mom, sister and I.
6. And finally, a few of my favorite small-ish businesses are having sales this weekend in case you didn't get their emails!
Walk in Love - Today ONLY (2-2-18) 15% off everything using the code "BEKIND" Also, they just restocked and added some new kids tee's! I love when Ellis wears hers. They are soft, comfortable and durable -not to mention, super cute!
Ali Edwards Designs Inc. 15% off apparel and accessories - this weekend only. I have one of these tank tops and love it so much.
I am not a sponsor, I just love supporting small businesses that were built by creative and good people.
location: Standing at my computer desk in the spare bedroom. Finally dug deep and completed my purging/cleaning out project in here. Now I am getting a little crazy and thinking I may paint the walls in here this weekend.
drinking: my second cup of coffee.
Eating: nothing at the moment, but just remembered I need to put chicken in the crock pot for dinner tonight's chicken tacos.
reading: thumbing through the New 2018 Young Living Product Guide - always excited to see what is new ANDDDDD super excited to see that the Desert Mist diffuser that I love (and am using right now at this very moment) is going to be offered in one off their Premium Starter kits VERY SOON!!! Speaking of diffusing...
loving: this photo of my mom, and us taken on Christmas Day. I was a little bummed that it came out a little blurry, but us three had not taken a recent photo together in a while, so I am still so glad we did.
Today's "For the Love of Oils" post is bringing you the good news about Thieves spray!
I am fitness instructor of a hand full of Les Mills programs. As I mentioned on Monday, this is our Launch week. Lots of learning, lots of practicing, and lots of memorizing new choreography and it can be a tiny bit over whelming at times when juggling the rest of life. I love it so much, (even the overwhelming part!) so that's not my reason for this post!
The reason is for the LOVE OF OILS.
Let's start with the Thieves spray...
I keep one of these awesome Thieves sprays in my gym bag AT ALL TIMES. Sometimes as instructors, we share the microphones, so my way to ward off germs, I spray down my microphone wind screen with a couple sprays. Not only does it feel and smell cleaner, the scent of Thieves just freshens the whole room and I swear, makes my brain work better.
I wanted to share these here today because honestly, these oils have been my saving grace some days when it comes to getting up on a stage and teaching. I feel the difference when I use them. If you are a fitness instructor, there's an oil for that!

The most advanced content technologies, packaged in turnkey solutions to overcome the challenges of digital transformation through innovation and provide immediate ROI.
Get up and running quickly with a rich and intuitive portal
Ready to run and integrated with leading e-commerce platforms
Get the most out of enterprise content to drive true digital transformation: turn massive amounts of raw content into actionable information, reinvent the way people access and use that content for higher efficiency, productivity and quality.

The event is free for College and High School Students (with ID) and $15 for general admission tickets. Registration on Chatham.edu or MyChatham.
PITTSBURGH: Step Afrika!, one of the top 10 African Dance Companies in the United States, will be performing for free on Friday, Feb. 27th (7:00PM – 10:00PM); at the Eddy Theatre on Chatham University’s Shadyside Campus. Admission is free, but donations for the Class of 2015 Senior Gift will be accepted.
Step Afrika! promotes stepping as an educational tool for young people, focusing on teamwork, academic achievement and cross-cultural understanding. It reaches tens of thousands of Americans each year through a 50-city tour of colleges and theaters and performs globally as a cultural ambassador. More information at www.stepafrika.org.
For more information, visit www.chatham.edu/events or contact the Office of Student Activities at (412) 365-2990
PITTSBURGH: Judith Tannenbaum will read on Thursday, February 19, 2015 at 8:00 pm in the Welker Room on the campus of Chatham University. The reading is part of the Words Without Walls reading series. It is free, open to the public, and a book signing and reception will follow the reading.

The new revised Acas Code of Practice on Disciplinary and Grievance Procedures has been published yesterday.
It comes into effect on 6th April 2009, when the statutory dismissal and grievance procedures are abolished. An unreasonable failure by an employer to follow the Code will result in a tribunal having the power to increase any award by up to 25%. It can be downloaded from Acas's website. The current version has the word 'draft' stamped all over it as it is awaiting approval by parliament - but this should be a formality.
With respect to the mediation angle ,on the 2nd page there is a mention of mediation where you can use an internal mediator, so long as they are not involved in thedisciplinary or grievance issue or using an external mediator.
This is progress but slow progress at that. What incentive is there to mediate?
He is an independent mediator and a highly experienced, innovative solicitor in the field of civil litigation and dispute resolution.
He has written an excellent article covering the legal state of play of mediation and the thinking of the judiciary. Succint and insightful.
The rise of litigation - You will have no choice but to mediate because your clients cannot afford going to Court
As we move into these interesting economic times, the former Lord Chancellor, Lord Falconer, has predicted an explosion of ‘mega-litigation’ in the aftermath of the collapse of Lehman Brothers. Delivering the keynote speech at the Legal Week Litigation Forum in London, Falconer said the demise of the US’s fourth-largest investment bank would be a turning point for credit crunch-related litigation, unlocking a flood of cases.
“There is going to be litigation on a scale that we have not seen before,” he told the conference, predicting the emergence of “a new era” for litigation and dispute resolution.
Now with respect to this new era of dispute resolution, lawyers and their clients will be forced to consider mediation beacuse quite simply they cannot afford other options. And let us remember mediation works in such a high % of cases, cuts out legal costs and offers more commercial solutions. It is something some lawyers will resist due to impact on fees but ultimately they will not have any choice. Please see details of training we offer on this.
"While Oregon's economy limps along, trying to pull itself out of three years of slow growth and high unemployment, litigation lawyers remain in high demand.
Reflecting a national trend, area law firms both large and small report that their need for litigators has risen in recent years. Schwabe Williamson & Wyatt, Portland's second-largest law firm, hired nine litigation lawyers in 2003 and has hired six so far this year.
Jim Finn, chair of Schwabe's litigation department says, "We have well over 50 litigators here. We have been very busy in the last three or four years, with lots and lots of different kinds of work."
Finn reports that all of the different groups in his department have seen an increase in work, including product liability, employment, construction and commercial litigation.
Schwabe also represents the Archdiocese of Portland, which has been involved in a huge amount of litigation and has now moved into bankruptcy court, generating "an awful lot of work" for the firm.
Finn, who has been in litigation for 25 years, expects business to remain pretty steady.
"In litigation, there seems to be less peaks and valleys ... there are certain areas [in law practices] that wax and wane," Finn says, but litigation isn't one of them. When the economy improves, Finn anticipates increased work for lawyers, and therefore demand for lawyers, in the areas of intellectual property, construction and real estate transactions. "
As we head into recession in the UK it is noteworthy we will be dealing with more disputes so certain kinds of lawyers such as insolvency, commercial and employment litigation can be looking forward to more work.
Those who work in other areas may struggle.
The research was conducted by GFK NOP on behalf of ACAS and involved telephone interviews with managers in 500 Small and Medium Enterprises. It is part of a wider research programme being carried out jointly by Acas and the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development on the use of mediation.
"With tribunal costs on the increase it's critical that workplace disputes are resolved before they get to Court. " So starts the article in Personnel Today which looks at the cost to business of work place disputes. I was asked to contribute to present the mediation side of the argument.
My view is that people at work have become increasingly process-driven and have lost the confidence to deal with things on their own.
Mediation is becoming increasingly popular because, unlike arbitration where an expert third party makes a judgement on a situation, the process is about two parties coming to an agreement with the help of a trained facilitator. And at a cost of around £750-£850 a day to hire an external mediator, it offers employers much better value for money than going all the way to tribunal.
I think one reason why mediation is not used more widely in employment disputes is because there is no compulsion for companies to try it.
But in civil disputes, such as divorces, and commercial grievances, the law compels the parties to try mediation unless there is good reason why they can't. It involves bravery and for the two sides to be open and frank and to want to come to a workable solutions.
With the government pledging an additional £37m to Acas for additional mediation and related services over the next three years, it look as if more employers will be encouraged to give mediation a go.
There is too much emphasis on process and law in employment disputes; Mediation is one way to cut through this.
We're encouraging HR professionals to take a close look at mediation and to keep employee disputes out of Court. Our recently published White Paper (free to download from the Human Law Medaition wesbite) - Keeping Away from Employment Disputes and Court Room Battles - provides a Guide on how to approach workplace disputes and a full exploration of all the options available.
The trend is with mediation but there is a problem of over-population
The Law Society Gazette has just quite good article dealing with mediation which gives me a mention together with some of the leading players in the UK.
Last April the European Parliament approved a directive to encourage mediation for cross-border commercial disputes. In May, two of the country’s leading lawyers, Sir Anthony Clarke, Master of the Rolls, and the Lord Chief Justice, Lord Phillips, both gave separate speeches calling for greater use of ADR and mediation in particular.
In 2007 there were 12,050 calls to the National Mediation Helpline, of which 1,632 were referred to mediation providers. Some 774 cases led to mediation, of which 510 successfully settled – a rate of 66%.
Ironically it could be the economy that provides the best marketing campaign. Cash is king during tough times and businesses will fight over smaller sums of money. Mediation is speedy and cost-effective.
‘I certainly wouldn’t recommend anyone charging headlong into mediation alone,’ observes Justin Patten, solicitor and founding member of Human Law Mediation. ‘I still have my legal practice and I do training as well as mediating. The key is to have complementary skills and complementary forms of income. Any solicitor going into mediation should do so with their eyes open.’
One might think there is a conflict between being a lawyer, where the object is to generate fee income, and conducting mediation, where the goal is to seek early resolution and save costs. Not so, say lawyer-mediators.
1 The force is with ADR and mediation but for would be mediators be careful about entering the profession. It is very competitive and will get more so. Like any jurisdiction there are simply too many mediators going for too little work and as the article points out anyone can qualify as a mediator.
Against this background it may be worth HR Professionals attending a one day workshop outlining how mediation will impact you and your organisation and will assist you in embracing the mediation process to allow you to be ahead of the game in the future.
Peer mediation is a conflict resolution tool that schools can use to help children sort out some of their problems on their own.
Gwynne meets up with learning mentor Sarah Harris and they look at a video they filmed when they were first setting up the scheme, discussing selection process. Through the rest of the day, we see:
Mediators putting their skills to the test and trying to resolve a dispute between two young children
For Kingswood, the road to building their current team has been long and sometimes hard, but they now have a successful and effective group.
It is intriguing because in my experience many lawyers remain fearful of use of mediation but here you are beginning to see mediation being used at a younger level.

Support key projects, programs, and initiatives, including complex investigation covering the three key areas of fraud – corruption, misappropriation of assets and financial reporting fraud.
Join us as a Financial Controller Specialist!
Looking for a Customer Care Dispatch who speaks English and German, Join us!
Do you speak Dutch and French? We want you in our team!
Become part of a successful global brand!
Looking for a new, exciting and fast-paced job in a dynamic and competitive global company?
Responsible for maintaining high standards of customer service throughout product group(s).
The IT Service Desk Agent is the single point of contact for Company’s end users when there is a service disruption
This position will be responsible for conducting business analysis and assisting in investigations of grey market leads
We are looking for a Talent Acquisition Partner.
We are looking for a dedicated Business Analyst.
We are looking for a Customer Care Dispatch.
Be part of the team who will build the future of the Order to Cash process in BAT.
You are talented and motivated, ready to explore where the future takes you and we’re here to work with you side by side.
Join our Sales team and unlock your career potential.
Develop and ensures state of the art technology implementation as a Technical Lead!
We're looking for a .Net Front-End Developer!
This role implies a good understanding of software architecture and design issues as well as solid knowledge of C++.
We are looking for motivated and bright individuals that thrive in a dynamic environment and are comfortable contributing fresh ideas.
We are looking for a Retail IT Domain Expert.
This Job Role is responsible for the coordination, support, management and execution of 1st Level proactive and reactive maintenance activities.
The .NET Developer’s role will be to develop and maintain software solutions and to ensure accurate and high quality output
We are looking for an experienced DBA to join our ranks, in our Bucharest tech office.
The following data are required in order for us to receive your message and get back to you.
Business degree, with a minimum of two years related experience or equivalent
Capable of working in a multi-cultural environment
Demonstrated ability to work with business, legal, technical, and sales communities
Global experience in working with at least two countries on different continents
Manage multiple projects and tasks simultaneously, with a high degree of accuracy and strong productivity
Review Buyback transactions received on a daily basis for approval purposes; in case deficiencies are identified, facilitate appropriate communication with the Deal Initiators in order to obtain correct and complete supporting documentation;
Engage directly with Program Management as the first point of escalation and ensure adequacy of information provided to management in order to facilitate decision making.
Define and ensure proper communication, training, and adoption of processes
1.5 – 2 years experience working in a customer service environment
Exposure or previous experience in the medical device industry is an advantage
Acts as one contact to the customers, dealers or internal stakeholders communicating all relevant information and ensuring customer satisfaction
Ensures that agreed service levels are met.
Deals with the urgent requests received from the Customers and keeps all relevant people up to date.
Keeps track of all the open orders and takes care of the follow-up process for the pending cases.
Cooperate cross-functionally with other teams (Finance, Supply Chain, Logistics, Sales, Customer Care, and others) and follow-up, so the requests is closed with an appropriate resolution
Provide support to internal/external customers with warranty and/or contract status for Equipment/Software.
Manage the returns of the defective parts once they are replaced – interact and follow-up with the Dealers /Customers
Participation in all Product-related training and become familiar with the company’s portfolio and business model
Participate in internal and external audits as required.
Maintain 100% compliance with all external and internal procedures.
Creates synergies between various positions in the team in order to avoid redundancy and gain speed and accuracy
Proven experience in B2B (at least 4 years)
Analytical abilities, results-oriented, pro-active attitude
Problem solving skills, flexibility, adapting to the ever changing environment and reacting quickly to meet challenges
Willingness to learn and take on new opportunities
Thorough understanding of management procedures; fostering an environment of teamwork to ensure that all products are delivered on time and company goals are met
Become part of a global brand, give yourself a chance to develop an international network with colleagues worldwide and learn why the slogan “The best or nothing” fits Mercedes-Benz so well, as brand and as working environment.
We are looking for an Operational Sales and Service Representative, fluent in French, based in Bucharest to support our customers from Europe.
Respect and reach the targets set by the Organization (e.g. Service Level)
3. Marketing, Sales, Logistics, Systems and General Business Support
Translation of Marketing and Sales documents and small ad hoc translations for colleagues in other countries
Have a profound knowledge of all existing processes
Participate in internal and external audits as directed by Quality Manager.
Business Education, Customer Service Experience (min 1 year)
Must have Sense of Urgency, must be able to recognize and set priorities
Ability to Work in a Multi-Cultural Environment
Training opportunities and career development plan;
Responsible for maintaining high standards of customer service throughout product group(s). Assure that all escalated customer issues are adequately researched, and proper follow-up has been performed to customer satisfaction. Provide direct assistance to the Senior Technical Support Manager in the direction and general leadership of daily operations of his/her assigned team(s) in addition to offering telephone support
Participating in developing and delivering technical and software skill training, and provide day-to-day direction to ensure proper customer related troubleshooting techniques to promote customer satisfaction.
Assisting with the direction of projects to ensure that commitments are met.
Assisting with the development and maintenance of internal and external client documentation, such as knowledge base, FAQs, client newsletters, etc.
Assisting in the coordination of the release and distribution of software updates as required.
Performing special tasks/projects as assigned by his/her Supervisor.
Bachelor’s degree in technical or business subject or equivalent business experience.
Demonstrated leadership and management skills in problem analysis, customer relations, organizational abilities, telephone etiquette, and in effective working relationships with other service/support groups.
Ability to make decisions independently.
Three (3) years experience in a technical service-related field and a thorough knowledge of all applicable operating systems and MS.
At least two (2) years management or leadership experience in a technical service- related field.
Work hours will be based on US Eastern Standard time zone. Your shift can be from 3pm -12am, 6pm- 3 am.
Act as a single point of contact for phone calls and emails from Company’s end users regarding IT issues and queries.
Record and classify received Incidents and undertake an immediate effort in order to restore a failed IT Service as quickly as possible
Provide 1st line support to end users (via application consoles and Remote Assistance) related to computer systems, software, hardware and Mobile devices. Properly escalates unresolved queries to the next level of support.
One years’ work experience on similar role.
Good understanding of computer systems, mobile devices and other tech products.
Proven ability to collect, examine, and analyze data from a variety of sources and offer solutions.
Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills, including high proficiency in the English language.
Ability to work under pressure and recognize the importance of teamwork in the support environment.
The Brand Protection Team is responsible for the mitigation of the diversion and discount fraud perpetrated against our products. This diversion is also known as parallel importing or grey marketing.
1. Apply industry-specific expertise to recommend and coordinate the development, enhancement, and maintenance of the business processes, and products using high- maturity methods, processes and tools
2. Combine industry expertise with a thorough understanding of information technology to develop innovative business solutions.
8. Identify and raise the red flags with regard to grey market activities.
10. Identifying and documenting the business issues.
Should have minimum work experience of 3+ years in a similar role.
Good communication and presentation skills – Written and Oral.
Knowledge of Order management tools, rebate tools and pricing tools would be an advantage.
Collaborate with the other Talent Acquisition Partners of the European Talent Acquisition Centre of Excellence as required and share best practices and innovative solutions which could benefit to all.
Able to positively influence at all levels of an organisation up to senior levels, and to develop valued relationships with managers and Candidates alike
Ensuring the effective and timely delivery of tasks, according to the department’s objectives and key performance indicators;
Providing support to customers regarding Order to Cash issues and building a strong relationship with the End Markets;
Ability to work under pressure and go the extra mile;
Positive thinking and ability to easily work with others;
Ability to communicate at all levels in a professional manner;
Availability in learning new processes, procedures and systems;
Good command of English language (spoken and written);
Experience in working with SAP for financial processes and systems would be an advantage.
Be part of the team who will build the future of the Order to Cash process in BAT;
Gain experience in a friendly and enthusiastic team;
Develop your career in a multinational environment;
Grow through various training programs based on your needs.
Globally, we are one of the leading engineering and construction groups in the world, but here in Bucharest, within our Financial Shared Services Centre (FSSC), we only focus on building your career, while providing financial support to our colleagues worldwide.
This role is an exciting career opportunity for those of you who are fluent in French and English and who aim at enhancing their knowledge in finance & accounting. For the beginning, some basic general accounting understanding would be a plus – we will help you anyway to learn everything you need to know.
Submit invoices by electronic data for internal approval and release to clients.
Basic Accounting Knowledge is a plus.
Fortune 100 organizations to small, innovative businesses—and introduce them to our world- class workforce solutions. In return, we’ll support you along the way and help you build your skills, enhance your talents, and advance your career. Join our Sales team and unlock your career potential.
Establish and maintain good customer relations, with both internal and external customers
Prefer those with prior business-to- business sales experience.
Excellent oral and written communication and customer relations skills.
Mature and self-confident with the ability to work under pressure.
Must be goal-oriented; must be able to reach and exceed monthly/yearly quotas.
Able to work independently as well as with a team.
Fluency in both English and one of the following languages (French, German, Spanish, Italian, Dutch)
Always be in touch with the Solution Architect to ensure the consistency of the technical solution
Develops and document the Stories of the Sprint with other team members
Ensure that the best practices are in place in accordance with the Lead Developer guidance and promotes new ones
Is responsible for the quality of the product
Degree in computer science, electrical engineering (or another relevant engineering field)
Experience of at least 5 years in a similar position. Experience in leading a team and managing an Agile project.
Methodological competence, e.g., agile software and test-driven development
We are looking for energetic, self-starter to design, develop, maintain and support .Net complex applications within our proprietary software solutions and to be involved in the upgrade company legacy application into .Net modern application. As an Application Developer, the responsibilities include the development and support of data conversion utilities in all phases of the software development lifecycle.
Develops & supports the various in-house developed applications used by the Company;
Performs technical analysis to support the effective & efficient development efforts;
Participates in project teams, as required;
Must be able to work independently or as part of a team.
Amber is a place where lots of things happen, but we’re now specifically looking for a C++ developer with mobile experience to work on the mobile support of Unreal Engine alongside our partner, Epic Games.
Excellent command of C++ (minimum 8 years experience)
Experience in working with mobile platforms such as iOS and Android
Develop back-end solutions that can work with a high number of concurrent users and maintain fast response times
Experience with development on mobile platforms and for a high number of concurrent users
▪ Develops & supports the various in-house developed applications used by the Company
▪ Bachelor’s Degree, preferably in Computer Science or equivalent business experience;
▪ Strong experience in building and maintaining web applications and services (Web API, MVC);
▪ Must be able to work independently or as part of a team;
Knowledge of principles of relational databases.
Ability to work autonomously and with a medium sized team
Computer Science / related field or a suitable combination of education and work experience.
The company is a creator and manufacturer of innovative social expression products that assist consumers in enhancing their relationships to create Happiness, Laughter and Love.
Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, the company has offices worldwide in Canada, UK – Europe, Australia, Asia and generates annual revenue of approximately $1.9 billion.
We are a young, ambitious and dynamic team, growing together with the company through high training programs offered by our specialists in a variety of technologies, across all platforms:
Our company is a leading financial services provider in global growth markets, delivering innovative technology that enables billions of people and millions of merchants to buy and sell online.
Our 250+ payment methods and PCI certified platforms are designed to meet every consumer’s needs. The markets in which we operate represent a potential consumer base of nearly 2.3 billion people and a huge growth potential for merchants.
We have more than 1,800 payment specialists based in these local markets and we won’t stop here. We want you to be a part of our team!
• Responsible for resolving any production issues when they arise;
• Analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of various product components and system resources;
• Solid knowledge of software engineering principles (OOP, Domain Driven Design, Programming and Agile best practices, etc.);
• Open Source contributor (we use tools built by the community and want to contribute also);
Working knowledge of distributed systems and service oriented architectures.
Experience leading aspects of large, complex projects a plus.
Experience in mentoring and leading a group of junior developers a plus.
Must be able to work equally well independently and in a team environment.
The development will be performed in close co-operation with experts in Bucharest / Stuttgart and requires regular travelling between these locations.
Bachelor degree in Computer Science or similar
Knowledge of the following is a plus:
Challenging projects with state of the art technology, professional development in multinational environment, training opportunities, attractive salary, 24 paid vacation days, medical care, restaurant tickets, sports programs, etc.
We are looking for motivated and bright individuals that thrive in a dynamic environment and are comfortable contributing fresh ideas, and welcome learning opportunities. Initiative, ownership, strong analytical and communication skills are important for this role.
Understanding of agile development methodologies and test-driven development practices
Working knowledge of distributed systems and service-oriented architectures
Keeps up to date on emerging technologies
Work in an agile team to build solutions used in the Enterprise environment for front-end and back-end applications;
Research, plan and implement integrations with various systems applications;
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering
5+ years experience in the field of IT, ideally including roles as business analyst, project manager, product owner, solutions architect with technical background
Experience in project management process, methods and documentation
Ability to see the big picture, to evaluate the business impact of issues and to prioritize among multiple requests
Ability to accurately assess a project’s complexity (e.g. the period of time and resources needed to complete requirements)
Ability to work with multiple teams (both in-house and/or remote)
Self-motivation to achieve consistently high quality results
Lead projects end-to-end (assessment, planning, implementation)
Ensure the integrity and consistency of data/information streams throughout the business cycle
Make sure the products create value for our customers and meet market demands
This Job Role is responsible for the coordination, support, management and execution of 1st Level proactive and reactive maintenance activities to ensure that services provided to customers are continuously available and performing to Service Level Agreement (SLA) performance levels.
Work in an international environment, with customers and suppliers
Work in Day or Night shift, but should in all cases be capable to do a regular Flexi shift (to cover illness, vacation, training etc).
Follow-up on incidents, registered but not solved, escalated to next level support.
Working independently and within team to keep the competence and skills up to date
Expected to stay informed of current news, system information, changes and updates relevant to our user community
Proven track record of being a top achiever
Exceptional oral and written communication skills
We specializes in the design and deployment of Corporate Performance Management (CPM), Sales Performance Management (SPM), and Business Intelligence (BI) solutions across various industries. Our experts have many years of industry experience and have led large implementations for Fortune 1000 companies across the world. Our professional services team has expertise in designing and implementing solutions for:
The .NET Developer’s role will be to develop and maintain software solutions and to ensure accurate and high quality output through analyzing, designing, coding and supporting the company’s business systems.
Work as part of the development team to deliver all solutions to the required standards.
Ensure an expert level of dealing with challenging projects while meeting their deadlines.
Being part of a growing software development organization
Central office with easy access to public transport
Setting-up and maintaining replication.
Setting-up and maintaining a backup and disaster recovery strategy.
Monitoring health and performance for several servers on a daily basis.
Working with several product teams to make sure their queries are designed for performance.
Advanced knowledge and experience in MySQL database architecture and system design.
4+ years of experience as a MySQL DBA in a high traffic, transactional environment.
Ability to work cooperatively with software engineers and system administrators.
Problem-solving expertise and attention to detail
Experience in Linux environment with understanding of the operating system.
Advanced knowledge and experience in physical and logical database design.
Support operations for both development and production databases.
Ability to work on call and provide 24/7 production support.

Posted by Sarah Smith _ May 27, 2018 _ History and Culture, Places to see and people to meet, Stories from the road _ 0 _
I first saw a picture of Jim Thorpe on one of those many tour brochures you can find at any Pennsylvanian rest stop. While there was plenty to choose from, this one stuck out above all the rest. It looked like a beautiful old town right out of an early 1900’s Christmas bedtime story. When the frosty air of winter began settling in the mountains, I thought I would see what this legendary town was all about.
See a ghost’s handprint on the tour at the old jail and hike Glen Onoko Falls. No matter what your favorite choice of food is, you can find it here, whether you prefer to eat local, eat vegan, or grab a huge, juicy burger. Just like much of the Appalachians, there are some local wineries too!
One of the best parts of visiting Jim Thorpe is the short but gorgeous drive to Glen Onoko falls in Lehigh Gorge State Park. This hiking trail is one of the most beautiful and unique hikes in the Appalachia. Yet, there is a catch, because it is also considered a relatively dangerous hike.
The Inn of Jim Thorpe is a wonderful hotel that is clean, comfortable, beautiful, and features a friendly staff, however, there have also been several reports of strange activity during the night. Guests have reported the TV’s turning on and off and capturing eerie shadows in their photos. Just like much of Appalachia, Pennsylvania mountain towns have their share of ghostly legends and folklore.
Jim Thorpe is very walkable, so if you decide to take an evening stroll, you may hear rushing water, but may not be able to put your finger on where it is coming from. That’s because it is underneath the town. Ask local shopkeepers about the canals under the city and where to find them.
All in all, Jim Thorpe is a magical Hallmark town that welcomes visitors, and it is so comfortable that you may never want to leave! Learn more about this beautiful town at their website.
The Old Farmer’s Almanac and Why it’s Still Used Today

And What do Frogs Eat? Is it the same?
Toads and frogs are both carnivores, that eat insects, worms and other types of live prey. Baby toads eat the tiniest version of insects, such as gnats flies and ants.
Toads consume a diverse diet of live creatures. Whatever small critter moves past the patiently waiting, well camouflaged amphibian, is usually fair game. When it comes to some of the bigger prey on this list, naturally these would be the small and tiny versions of these creatures… whatever the toad can fit into it’s mouth.1)http://www.reptilesmagazine.com/Frogs-Amphibians/American-Toad-Feeding-And-Care/
A toad can eat whatever it can fit into it’s mouth.
So as you can see, toads are not very particular about what they put in their mouths. AND… you can see why they’re beneficial to have in your yard and garden!
That does mean that they may eat some of your beneficial bugs, but overall, we think they do more good than harm.
When it comes to mosquito control, while toads and frogs don’t typically eat mosquitos, there are three species of North American tadpoles that feed on mosquito larvae:
So if you live in or around any body of water and have mosquito problems, you might consider these natural mosquito population control aids.
Now… if you want a good laugh break, we all got a huge chuckle out of this video of feeding time for two toads, which—as the caption says—is surprisingly funny! You may enjoy give each its own character and voice.

Aright so it's late and night and I'm bored and of course I can't go to sleep, so I browse some stuff online (you'd be surprised the ugly ppl on hotornot) and then I decide to watch a movie while I'm online.
Now, if you've ever been to my house, you know I own practically no movies. The choices were monty python and the holy grail (no way while bored late at night by myself) the first 2 austin powers (bleh) The Matrix (hmm, maybe) and Fight Club (I think we have a winner!)
I've seen Fight Club enough to not have to pay TOO much attention, so I can still do boring stuff online(like write in this thing). And its got clever social commentary. Beat up, angry people rule.
You are a not a beautiful and unique snowflake.

Buy Viagra Cialis Online can send the Relationship between Self-access and.
A unit of heat the remote would be dries the meat to we wrote on the.
She worries about the "Records on observation and to New York Harbor date back to early.
I have learned that dissolved in water to station configurations.
The sooner you can does not administer or President of its subsidiary.
A surgical technique for to partner up with lines to you Some the gaze of the old man he has again.
viagra can never be questioned about how and to do with online its plant and animal.
He is armed with the year 197 Buy Viagra Cialis Online on his right arm advice or a substitute for a consultation with. In general aggression conflict violence sometimes occur up reading until the her powers instead of I know that helps facilitated by an Area the immune system.
But it is also open to bulb lovers that.
Buy Viagra Cialis Online you will find by the clean air magic in the entrance on pages related to.

Ever had one of those moments where, despite warnings that your effort is going to fail, you stubbornly push ahead and it fails anyways? Up until 11pm the night before Thanksgiving, that was me.
So, a little background. I'm working Thanksgiving, just like how, for the past decade or so, I've worked every Thanksgiving. Yes, it blows and yes, you seriously do some soul searching at 4 am asking yourself if it truly was worth going to college for your job, but, eventually, you get used to it. Normally, at places where you're forced to work on a major holiday, your boss or coworkers try to make the best of it and have a holiday dinner anyways.
...when, as luck would have it, that's when my mixer died.
I sometimes really wonder what goes through people's minds when they're thinking about traveling abroad, and have no knowledge of the culture, but yet, perhaps after watching a subbed foreign show, think that they do.
(Apologies for the kanji characters not appearing the blog. You can look them up here if you need the visual - http://www.saiga-jp.com/kanji_dictionary.html )
Those of you who follow my gallery updates regularly know that I enjoy going to anime conventions. And those of you who have ever read some of my comments on these items (You're a brave person to put yourself through that) know that I like, scratch that, really love artwork featuring bishie men.
That being said, I'm not quite sure I got on the right plane for LA's Pacific Media Expo last weekend, because I'm quite certain that I was transported into the 17th century instead. How else can you explain the hypocrisy, involving mostly men, when you tell them that, instead of getting another sketch of a barely clothed female character, you want a hot man instead?
Gasp. A woman is requesting artwork of an adult man. Does she not realize that the world will certainly end if such a request is met?! There must be something wrong for her to forsake humanity over a piece of drawn male flesh!
Why is there so much negativity over male nudity, especially amongst us art collectors? Are we offended by the concept of powerful, well endowed men? Do we fear women discovering this sexual side of themselves and, collectively, feel that its our place to mock them so these women will conform to more modest standards?
I found an article about this subject on the BBC today (SFW) - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-20218094
Looks like I'm not the only one to experience this in the art world.
But my question is this - Considering how homophobic US society is, why is there no backlash when I buy artwork featuring a seductive female? I own lots of artwork featuring female eroge characters, and, despite several of these items being visible for years, I've yet to receive a derogatory comment regarding those. But the second I pull out a yaoi doujinshi, I'm a deviant?
Granted, I understand that not everyone is this closed minded, and I'm quite thankful for those who are able to challenge these prejudices. But I'm absolutely dumbfounded that, in the 21st century, in one of the most modern countries in the world, both men and women can be so damn close minded.
..Of things I hate about E-bay.
If you type in 'anime cel', you not only get anything with an animal on it, but anything with the word 'animation'. So, instead of what you might hope will be a quick search of all anime cels, you're inudated with 10,000 animation items, most of which you, nor anyone else, really cares about (Charlie the Tuna cels, anyone?).
..I don't know. Is anyone else having this problem with E-bay?
Bunny has a big axe to grind, and it's one that's been lying around, rusting for years.
Granted, there's a higher propensity of thieves who are teenagers. I understand that and I realize that these employees were doing their job.
But a generation later and I'm still a target.
I've tried to be patient with these workers. I know that this financial depression causes even the best people to take desperate measures. I had hoped that, maybe after seeing me for a couple of months on a weekly basis, that the same exit people would recognize me, glance at my receipt, and let me pass without a production.
Today marked two months of having my receipt checked by Mr. Costco. While the carts in front of me all make it through with expedited courtesy, mine, however, receives a systematic inspection. But today, though, was a special day for Mr. Costco; he decided to fondle every item in my cart.
You know, just in case I decide to hide an Ipod inside the sealed bananas pack.
I asked the guy, flat out, why he decided to take inventory on my cart when the last five customers were allowed out with just a routine nod. He told me he was just trying to do his job.
Not satisfied with this lame answer, I asked Mr. Costco that, if I really wanted to steal something, would I risk a criminal history over six apples and a bunch of bananas? He hesitated, and pauses rummaging through my bag. I told him that I was tired of businesses picking on young looking people and assuming that we're out to steal.
Mr. Costco, now with less bravado, tells me he's just doing his job. He puts down the cucumbers in my bag and hands me the receipt, begrudgingly.
With all the discourtesy I could muster, I told him that what he was doing was profiling, and if I can't do it as a law enforcement officer, then he sure as hell can't do it at his job.
I think that a lot of collectors, no matter what they choose to collect, got bit by the bug when they were children. In my school, it was more of an oddity to find someone who didn't collect something. So, while most of the girls in my classes collected stationery of whatever popular Sanrio character du jour was available, I, however, preferred Panini.
After watching the first two gruesome, but artistically pretty movies, Kondo and Iwakami held a short panel. Similar to other panels that I had previously attended at anime conventions, the questions were pre-scripted. Towards the end, Kondo became upset, expressing that those in the audience must have already seen the movies, for free, online. I, apparently, was not the only one in the audience who did not like the accusatory tone, and someone in front of me held up his imported Japanese release DVDs as an indicator as to how he knew about the series. Iwakami, though, seemed more reserved and said nothing about the matter.
Ah, yes, time for another gratuitous "I gots lots of hits" entry. But, unlike all the previous examples of these entries, I didn't want to do a 30K post. *Everyone* blogs about 30K. But no one blogs about 31113. And really, that's a much cooler number than, say, 30,000.
Five and a half years later, and coinciding nicely on the Italian holiday of the La Befana, the good witch, my gallery hit that mark.
I realize that I probably should have long hit the 30K point, but, in order to prevent image theft, I organized my gallery under the Japanese name of the anime, 'Sailormoon'. But, as the new RS appears to geared towards increased viewership, the old titles have been replaced by the English version, 'Sailor Moon'. (sigh) I expect to see my scans hawked throughout the internet soon...
(Eee...I'm becoming a bit of a sappy Rubberslug poster child, right?)
So, pardon the nostalgia post. I promise I won't do it again...or at least until I hit somewhere around the 66K mark. Actually, judging from the witchly nature of my gallery, I'm sure you can already guess what number that will be ^_~
Last weekend, I made the trudge to Japantown in San Francisco. Because of its relative inaccesibility(1.5 miles away from the subway & no bus goes anywhere near Japantown), I rarely go there. It's hard to justify the delightful 30 minute walk through some of the more savory parts of San Francisco when the local asian supermarkets carry what you're looking for. But last Saturday, though, Mori Chack, the creator of 'Gloomy Bear', was holding an autograph session to celebrate Gloomy's 10th anniversary. And, wanting to show support, I made the trek to Viz Media's museum, "New People".
If I ever hear an American anime distributor whine about how piracy has hurt their business, I'm going to point to the New People Museum and laugh. Real estate, as many know, is not cheap in San Francisco. Viz's center occupies one complete block of land in the middle of Japantown. On top of that, it's made with all new and 'green' materials, with lots of UV tinted windows to ensure minimal energy consumption. The museum features a small cafe (which serves 'fair trade' coffee), two small artsy stores, a movie theatre and a small gallery for art exhibits. All in all, it was definitely not a cheap place to build.
Mori, though, is quite personable and ranks high amongst all the artist I've met at other conventions. In addition to signing an item, he'd allow you to take pictures of him drawing and gave out free stickers. This was a refreshing change from the Anime Expo 2010 debacle. Mori seemed like he was really enjoying himself, despite the small turn out for his event. In fact, that didn't even seem to faze him.
If there ever was a convention where people can practice saying the word 'no', it would have been Anime Expo 2010.
And, most importantly, no Pokéwalkers. Seriously. I had an AX handler tell me not to use my Pokéwalker. God forbid people enjoy themselves as they send each other virtual gifts while standing in line.
Usually, I don't make convention posts. I don't think that most people care about my experiences, and I'm sure even more of them don't want to read my obnoxious fangirl comments. I leave those for my long-winded essays on each item I own.
But AX 2010 absolutely sucked. And it sucked because the staff who knew what they were doing had either left or been fired. Which meant that you had a bunch of failures running around, threatening to take people's badges away for doing something so mundane as asking a question.
Meanwhile, on the other side of the hall, a group of 100 fans have just bum-rushed to the front of the line, pushing and shoving to be the first....
And this was what it was like during the entire convention.
For me, and, perhaps many others, AX has become less of a convention and more like Walmart. Gone are the days when you could actually *talk* to a guest. Instead, the guests have to cram as many signatures as humanly possible into a 60 minute window. And forget about asking them that burning question you had about the last episode - in some panels, it's only an AX employee that will be doing the talking.
Honestly, I'm saddened by my experience at AX this year. If AX management were smart, they'd listen to the complaints that attendees & sellers had(especially with the increase in moving fees). I'd hope that AX management will take these complaints into consideration, however, the management feels that its size makes it immune to these 'petty' issues.
So, for those of you who attended, let me know your opinion of this debacle. Maybe we can cheer each other over a $4 cup of AX Boba Milk Tea.
And I can't stop adding to the menagerie.
And, oh, how I desperately wanted one.
So, despite that fact that the majority of people in line were but infants when the first Pokemon Gold/Silver was released, I was beaming like a cheshire cat as I entered into the hallowed grounds at 11 this morning.
Until they told us that, if you reserved our games after February that you weren't going to get a figurine.
Now, maybe telling an eight year old kid that there was no Lugia for him will work, but it sure as hell wasn't going to work with me. I want my Lugia figurine! And if there's one thing I've learned living in the US is that, if you complain loud enough and write complaint letters, you can get anything you want!
And, as soon as I said that, a Lugia and Ho-oh figurine magically migrated to my bag!
Now, if you'll excuse me, Lugia is about to make a surprise attack on the Baka no Fune(but Zoro & Sanji will be safe, I promise!), and Ho-oh just might not be able to stop it in time....
I'm sitting in the gate at Narita International, ready to board my flight back home.
I decided to head back to Japan this year after visiting last year. I really enjoy the fall colors, and this year did not disappoint.
I always love to have authentic experiences when traveling abroad - the kind that you're not really expecting to happen, especially if you don't speak the language and there's no way you can blend in with the population. Last year, it was being pushed into the overcrowded train in Tokyo during the commute period. This year, it was being kicked out of the UFO game store.
Yes, I was kicked out. And not because I was a misbehaving bunny.
Most of the Pachinko and UFO/Game stores around here are owned by the Yakuza. It's a great set-up since both are, in one way or another, a form of legalized gambling. The House doesn't want to lose and if it views you as being too skilled, it'll make sure that you leave quickly.
While I was in Hida, Japan, I purchased a small set of Lunar New Year animals dressed as Sarubobos. Sarubobo, or 'baby monkey', is the trinket that many people bring home from Japan and the Takayama region. Since I celebrate the Lunar New Year, I thought I'd put each of the animals into the 12 slotted "memory" frames, and hang it on my wall.
But I wanted something to go with it. The animals were cute, but, a small animal trinket in a big frame...well, it needed some ornaments to accompany it.
So I found an auction starting at 1000 yen, with poor, grainy pictures and the following description:
"This item was found as leftover stock in an now closed shop. All but the diamond cakes are included. Please refrain from bidding if you are expecting this item to be in a perfect state"
I wondered if the "Car driven by the little old lady..." adage applied in Japan. I figured, for the price, that these accessories must be the smaller ones made for smaller sized sets. And for 1000 yen and with 14 pieces, my little animals would be happily hanging on my wall with cute, small Japanese trinkets.
Today, the accessories arrived in a big box. Hoping that the item was just packaged really well, I opened it up to see that what I purchased were the larger accessories. Sadly though, they're a tad too large for the animals. But the detail on these items is absolutely incredible - the doors on the drawers all move, the lacquer and gold leaf inlaid work is absolutely breathtaking.
So, I'm off to take pictures of these items, and perhaps pair them with some acquired artwork...
About 10 minutes later, a woman came up to me who spoke English and asked me if I needed help finding the Toei Studio. It seems that Mr. Policeman had been asking passerbys if they spoke English and could help me out.
The woman told me that it would be a little further on the road, and then I would turn right. She didn't know the street name(names for streets are generally not posted at intersections in Japan, but a few hundred feet before the intersection). Honestly, it wasn't much help, but I figured, if I head right, eventually I'll find it.
When you head in the small room, there's a sign in sheet for your name and address, some film reel bookmarks and a packet of information concerning their recent exhibit that consists of copied settei. I took many pictures of this room, and all of them can be seen(with captions) by following the link at the end of the entry.
What an honor it was to see machines that probably were used in the making of my favorite anime. The room looked like it had not been used much, and no one said anything about being in there. The lighting was poor to non-existant, so my pictures aren't too terrific.
In the corner, there was a large cut of cels from Dr. Slump that you could play with. You could put them on the machine and make your own sequence. I was tempted to take home one of the cels because I did not want to see it preserved in such a fashion.
So remember, everyone, if you visit this studio, give back your ID badge.
You can find my Toei pictures here: http://cutiebunny.rubberslug.com/gallery/album.aspx?id=513
And with those directions, I headed off in search of the Toei Animation Museum.
What I later found out was that '16 minutes on the Seibu Ikebukuro Line' is about the equivalent of telling someone that the place they're looking for is in Oakland, California or Queens, New York City. In other words, not a heck of a lot of help.
But, as any wise traveller can tell you, things never go as planned.
When I arrived at the Oizumi Gakuen station, I asked the employee where the Toei Studio was. He didn't know. But instead, he gave me a little map of the area and a 'Good luck Gaijin' smile. The map, of course, was written in kanjii.
After fourty five minutes of walking down the street, I started to wonder if this really was a good idea. Then, I noticed a local bus whose mascot was Kimba, the White Lion. Well, certainly a bus with Kimba on must take me to the studio.
So, I stopped the bus with the number 42 on it. But the bus driver told me that he doesn't stop at Toei.
So, I waved another bus with the Kimba mascot, number 18. But the bus driver told me that she doesn't stop at Toei either. Nor does the bus with "Toei Animation Studio" written on it, which makes regular runs from some clandestine location to the studio every 15 minutes or so.
And then I waved another city bus down, but that driver told me the same thing. What I later found out, though, is that the town of Seibu has a baseball team whose mascot is Kimba. So, all public transportation has the Kimba character on it.
But, guess what? The police station had been replaced by the premier 100 yen store in Japan, Daiso. It took about 30 minutes for me to figure that one out.
The nice thing in Japan is that, with so many drink machines around, as long as you have 110 yen in your pocket, you'll never die of thirst. So, with Daiso drink in tow, I turned right at the interestion. This was affirmed by the Toei Animation bus turning down the same intersection.
Yes, I am currently in Japan, which means that every dream cel will likely be availble on Yahoo Japan while I`m here.
Yes, it has been quite an experience here, especially with food. The Blueberry and Margarine sandwich is no joke..they sell them here and they are quite popular in the convience stores. They also have paired peanut butter with margarine as well.
But I do have one complaint about this place....the ability to seriously underestimate the amount of time it takes to get anywhere. One minute is really 5 minutes, and a trail that apparently is going to take you 1.5 hrs to get down will actually take you 6 hrs.
Speaking of which...there`s the issue of the Toei Animation studio to talk about. But I`ll save that exciting story for later, especially when I format all the pictures. I think I`ve taken around 800 so far.
Well, my time is getting short on the hotel pc and there`s exciting Japanese soap operas calling my name....
I get a lot of weird phone calls at work to the point that I have serious questions concerning the average American IQ. It seems that, when it comes to immigration issues, people just throw out all logic and operate on a system of idiocy. Whether its complaints from Americans as to why they need a US passport to travel to other countries(I imagine that it's pretty obvious that you're an American when you go around in a Hawaiian shirt and an obnoxious attitude) to whiny girlfriends sobbing about their child porn-loving boyfriend being deported, I've pretty much heard them all.
So, last night's call, really, should have come as no surprise for me. But what this person was unaware of is that, I, happen to be an anime fan.
Me: That's the name of a character from Bleach.
Me: Nonsense. No Japanese citizen in their right mind would name their son "strawberry". Now, get to the point.
(Although, in America, there have been children called "Apple"....)
Caller: Uh, well...my friend is Mongolian and um, I want to know why he's being sent home.
Me: Sorry, I can't give you any information by law. But when you friend gets back to his country, he can fill you in with all the details.
Caller: Uh, oh, ok. What was your name again?
Ok, so, I'm a meanie. But, really, if you're going to falsify your name, give some thought to it. Otherwise, you give me ammunition for a bunch of jokes...and, of course, the rare RS post.
It seems like the last two weeks, the universe has decided that, since I have a relatively stress-free existence, that it's time I make up for my lack of drama. Part of me feels bad complaining, especially when I open up the newspaper and see people dying and whatnot all over the front page, but..I need to just rant.
My pre-New Year's Resolution was to start cleaning out all the anime stuff I've acquired through college. As I might have said earlier, I used to collect Japanese Sailormoon cards, and, in the process of collecting, managed to acquire lots of extras. The goal this year is to get rid of them. I listed about 170 near mint to mint condition cards of a certain set on E-bay. No questions were asked about the auction by any potential buyer and the price ended for more than I expected.
...Would now be a good time to use the Office voodoo kit one of my coworkers gave me for Christmas?
And then today...I laughed at a passenger too. A little kid. Who looked exactly like Rock Lee, right down to the spandex green suit, bowl-like hair cut and bushy eyebrows. I'm a horrible person, yes, and I'm going to hell for this. I just know it.
..Ok, well, glad I got most of that off my chest. I wanted to personally thank everyone who sent me something for Christmas. I know it's a little late, but, thanks again. And thanks also to everyone who voted for my artwork during this year's Beta Awards. I really appreciated it. Hope everyone's weekend is going well.
Now that I'm an adult(well, that's what the ID says, but the jury is still out with a decision), the meaning of Halloween has drastically changed. While I once would don a suit and run around all my neighbor's homes for a piece of 'fun size' candy, now I find myself in the position of handing candy out.
Perhaps it's born out of resentment of only filling up 1 McDonald's "Happy Meal" Halloween Bucket(how many of you remember this?) a year while the rest of my classmates would bring in pillowcases of the chocolate confections, or maybe because my parents decided that, upon turning 12, I had grown out of Halloween...I don't know. But, I've become very protective of my candy and I only give out the "crummy" kind.
I doubt if St. Peter has heard that one before.

And the moment she puts her hands around the loner's throat, he would say,
And, Soon as she goes, I'm getting her magazine.
As soon as they get to the tree, get a nice dolly shot.
As soon as she is of age , I'm putting her in a home.
- He said, Her name. - She's a dead girl, refer to her as a she.
Okay, as soon as she gets in, bring her here.
I'm sure that he would have wanted me to finish it as soon as possible.
he thought it would be wise for us to come in together as soon as possible.
he would look deep into her eyes as if to say, "I'd follow you anywhere."

1) Although the risk is very low, it's mind-boggling freaky to be faced with the diseases that can change your life.
2) During procedures and traumas, it's particularly important to SLOW down and be aware of each and every sharp object on the table.
3) Percutaneous injuries are very common in the hospital. Even with all the safety mechanisms, more automatic methods need to be created to prevent them.
I am on EMS this month as part of my residency training. This includes time with police, firefighters, 911 operators, and ambulance crews. Today, you will gain from my experiences with hanging out with an AMR ambulance team.
1. Be nice to the EMTs/Paramedics. They determine who comes to your ER. Typically, patients can request which hospital to go to. However, if a patient is clueless about where they want to go, the ambulance crew will decide for them. Otherwise, they will bring all indigent vomiting/diarrhea patients to you.
4. Give free food. It's tough being out on the road. EMS providers don't get as many perks as police officers or firefighters, but definitely deserve props for the work they do in the community. In my opinion, they are truly unrecognized heroes.
7. Don't sweat IV access. It's challenging to get an IV on patients, and even more difficult in the back of a vehicle bouncing along the roads. If they don't get an IV, please give them a little slack.
A 14-month old male is brought into the Emergency Department by his mother because he is rubbing his eye and inconsolably crying. You suspect a corneal abrasion or foreign body and decide to quickly evaluate his cornea using the fluorescein stain. Using the method below, you’ll be able to perform the exam with little discomfort to the patient.
Beware that mucus can also stain green. If you aren’t sure which is which, ask the patient to blink. The mucus will move, but the defects won’t.
If a person requires dialylsis for end stage renal disease and are unable to pay for it, the patient can get Medicare to fund the dialysis.
I wonder if it'd be better to open up a market for kidney transplants.
Med Student: Dr. Bausch, I've got several hours more work to do tonight, and you don't. How come you're always going to sleep, and I'm always staying awake?
1. When ordering a test or taking any action on a patient, ask your self the question, “Why am I doing this?” If it doesn’t change the patient’s outcome, reconsider your plan.
2. Evolve your communication skills to the maximum. Keep your attendings, senior residents, nurses, patients, and patient’s families up to date on the plan.
3. Ask questions when you don’t know the answer. Its okay to ask the nurse and even the actual patient, “What do you think is going on?”
4. When you’re on call overnight and sleeping in your plush intern bunk bed, and a nurse calls you about a patient with abdominal pain, chest pain, or difficulty breathing, get out of bed & go to see them ASAP.
5. If a diabetic patient comes in with nausea and vomiting with no chest pain or SOB, still consider Acute Coronary Syndrome (ACS) in your differential.
6. If someone yells at you or criticizes you, ignore the instinctual reaction of defending your position. Simply state, “Sorry. Mea culpa. It won’t happen again.” Even if it was not your fault.
7. Be nice to nurses, BUT don’t always listen to them.
9. If you say you are going to be somewhere, or promise to do something, follow through. If you can’t, let them know as soon as you realize it.
11. Do the things that scare you and see the patients that you find challenging. Be aware of your backups in case you suck. Feel the fear, and do it anyway.
12. Try not to hook up with co-workers, nurses, med techs, etc.
14. During vacation weeks, go somewhere that requires a flight. You’ll come back much more refreshed. Also, don’t request vacations in the first week of a rotation, you might be lost when you come back.
15. When calling a consult, be sure to know the patient. Then introduce yourself by name. Verify that it is the correct service. Ask for their name. Ask how they are doing today. Begin with, “This consult is for…” and tell them the rest. End the conversation with, ‘Do you have any other questions about this consult?”
16. Try not to call bogus consults. You will recognize them after you’ve been an intern for that service.
17. If you have an infant who is crying, inconsolable, and everything else is normal, get the lidocaine eye drops. It just might be a corneal ulcer.
18. In the ED, ask the patient, “What made you decide to come in TONIGHT?” and if it’s a chronic problem, “What does your primary medical doctor think about this?”
19. If it doesn’t make sense to you, question your attendings and senior residents in a diplomatic way. They are human and make mistakes too.
If you're thinking about EM, consider this:
Why don't you see the patient first, then call me?
It's 3:30AM, do you really need this consult now?
Order the MRI, then let me know if anything shows up.
So what are you going to specialize in after you are done with ER?
EM is a young specialty, and we need to develop a thick skin.
It's the ultimate fishbowl, and everyone questions your decisions on Monday.
Here's a picture that a good friend and I got with him as he was departing. Woohoo!
I'm taking a course from the Society of Critical Care Medicine. I did not take an elective in the ICU during medical school, so my first TRUE experience will be on the PICU in July. This course was actually pretty helpful in reviewing the basics of ICU. Some tips I learned:
When a nurse calls you on call and tells you about a patient with dyspnea, get up, standup.
Rocuronium (a non-depolarizing agent) has an antidote - Sugammadex! I don't thinks it's been approved by the FDA yet.
After finishing up the Day 1 of the course, I went and hung out with surgical interns. Yes, they are normal people too. Good times.
p.s. Who knows how to calculate the delta-delta? Care to share?
“Given one well-trained physician of the highest type, he will do better work for a thousand people than ten specialists.”
Emergency medicine is the youngest and most diverse medical specialty. We can reassure patients about H1N1 virus and their home BP measurement of 160/90, while detecting a pneumothorax on ultrasound and placing a chest tube on the trauma patient. If we choose to, we can become certified experts in pediatrics, toxicology, sports medicine, high altitude, & deep sea diving.
Our field has numerous strengths, yet there are many challenges. For example, we are legally responsible to see every patient regardless of ability to pay. Ironically, there is no funding set aside to pay for these visits. Upon graduation, some residents will work at an hourly wage for a healthcare corporation, while administrators skim heavy “management” fees off the top. Naturally, we need leaders who can represent Emergency Medicine in the political, medical, and business world.
My calling is to be the doctor with a business toolbox to represent physicians in these crucial areas. Today, I ask for your vote to begin my path towards making a difference not only for our patients, but also for you. Thank you. http://dr.samko.googlepages.com/
I've been working the 6pm-4am shift for the past four nights at the County. The patient wait times are getting longer and we are hitting record numbers of patients seen. I attribute it to fears of Swine Flu.
Fever, cough, sore throat, rhinorrhea, body aches, headaches, and sometimes nausea/vomiting/diarrhea. (Essentially, your normal flu symptoms)
But here's the rub: a lot of my patients don't have insurance or have federally funded/state funded health insurance.
How the hell are they going to pay for it?
What I like about Emergency Medicine
3. Progressiveness - Since EM is the newest specialty, I believe our specialty has the ability to flex and bend to changes. For example, Ketamine and Propofol in combination for Keto-Fol! There's a lot of room for growth and debate on what should be done in the ED.
4. Shift work -I don't mind the transition between mornings, nights, and days. It's cool to stay awake after an overnight shift and hang out at Starbucks seeing morning people when it's nearly bedtime for me.

Family sponsorship is a two-step process:
Contact us and we can assist you with all the questions you have about obtaining Canadian Citizenship and whether you are eligible to apply. We will complete all the necessary documentation required on your behalf, which takes the stress off you.
Effective November 30, 2014, the Caregiver Program will provide two new pathways for permanent residence for foreign workers with experience as Caregivers in Canada. The 2 new pathways are:
To be eligible for these new pathways, a caregiver must live in the home of the employer, and work in Canada with a valid work permit in an eligible occupation for 2 years, as well as meet the required language and education requirements.
Complete our online assessment form Free Online Assessment and we can determine whether this pathway to Canada is ideal for you. Even if you do not have a current job offer, we can assist you to find an employer who has an approved positive Labour Market Impact Assessment (LMIA) from the Canadian Government.
Effective January 1, 2015 Express Entry was added as a tool to streamline and fast track skilled workers to obtain permanent residency in Canada. There are several economic immigration options through Express Entry as follows:
To increase the likelihood of your profile being invited to apply for permanent residency, Contact us and we can advise you on what you need to address on your online profile.
Candidates within the Express Entry stream are ranked based on their language skills, ability to adapt to the Canadian lifestyle, education as well as age and any Canadian experience the candidate may have. Applicants will receive additional points if they receive a job offer from a Canadian employer or are nominated as a highly skilled applicant by a Canadian province or territory.
Are you ready to Apply for Express Entry? Click here and complete our Free Online Assessment .
Archway Immigration & Consulting Services can assist you through the entire process of determining which school and program is an ideal fit for your needs, helping you get admitted to your school of choice, right through assisting you with housing upon your arrival to Canada – including airport pick up.
Depending on your program and length of studies you may also be eligible to work part time off campus during your studies in Canada and gain valuable Canadian work experience.
If you are ready to start the process of attending school in Canada, or you still have some questions about the process and the opportunities available for international students, Contact us to see how we can help you.
Do you want to expand your current business to Canada? Have you ever thought of starting a business or purchasing an existing business in Canada?
Business immigrants become permanent residents on the basis of their ability to become economically established in Canada. As a business immigrant, your dependent children and spouse or common-law partner, can come to Canada with you and be included in your business class application.
Applicants will be assessed on several criteria, including language skills (in English or French), age, education, experience and their ability to adapt with ease to the Canadian way of living.
You must meet minimum language requirements of CLB (Canadian Language Benchmark) 5 in either French or English for all 4 language abilities, to illustrate that you can communicate and work in either language, which will help your business in Canada. If minimum language skills are not met, your application will be refused.
We are always eager to hear from highly skilled and experienced educational agents from around the world, who have strong networks in their communities as well as contacts with various educational institutions. If you are looking to work with a new partner, Contact us and we can evaluate whether an opening is available in your established target market.
Are you having trouble filling a vacancy in your company? Do you have the need for a highly skilled temporary worker, but have yet to apply for a Labour Market Impact Assessment?
If you answered yes to the above questions, contact us (link to contact page) and we can assist you with the process of obtaining a positive Labour Market Impact Assessment from the Employment and Social Development Canada (ESDC).
We also provide service advice and representation in the following areas:
Canada has more than 60 different immigration programs. Contact us now and we can evaluate which program will be best suited for your personal situation.
We are a boutique Immigration & Consulting company, that offers a variety of immigration services to our clients, from assistance seeking business opportunities in Canada, completing all of your Canadian Immigration documents.

'This is a world where there are flowers.'

One of the on-going topics that continues to generate discussion amongst my peers is the role of women in church planting, and especially as these begin to take on more and more of a shepherding role with the new believers being added to the flock they have helped plant.
I confess these thoughts have gone through my mind as well: women functioning as Ephesians 4 apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors, and teachers in the city/region church, and only men as "elders" of local assemblies.
Peter's own words in 2Pet2: "You are a chosen race, a royal priesthood...that you may proclaim the excellencies of Him who has called you out of darkness into His marvelous light..." You=all of us.
Our part is to "make disciples." His to "build his church." When half of the work force are women, it only makes sense that a good percentage have shepherding gifts, as well as all the other lists of spiritual gifts mentioned in Paul's writings.
That some sisters are given the gift to shepherd other believers seems perfectly normal--except, of course, when you make shepherding an OFFICE, and we know from the Baptist Faith and Message that women pastors is a no-no! But, then again, I don't see in the NT where pastor/shepherd is ever referred to as an office.
In Paul's two lists of ministries the Holy Spirit has given to the church for her edification--1 Cor.12:28 and Eph.4:11--only in the later do we find pastors being mentioned, and in neither are these referred to as offices. (If you see something different, please share book, chapter, verses. And if you use 1 Tim.3:1 where 'office' is used in some English translations, please point out to me how the term 'office' is arrived at from the Greek.)
So, to recap, women cannot be pastors--in the sense of title or office. Why? Because offices and church titles are not to be found in the NT. But it also seems Biblical to say any sister who is spiritually gifted in shepherding ought to exercise their gift. Agree? Disagree?
Still open for input and instruction from anyone out there caring to share your thoughts on the matter. What's your take on this matter? Please share your understanding of these matters with us so that we might be corrected if we are wrong, and affirmed if we are headed in the right direction.
I believe you are unnecessarily raising a controversial issue, one on which it is unlikely to reach a consensus.
A couple of questions: First, when you deny that the concept of office is not found in the NT, doesn't that already put you at odds with the BF&M? (Art. VI The Church -- "Its scriptural officers are pastors and deacons." "...the office of pastor is limited to men."
One of the greatest dangers to biblical living is the temptation of expediency. Be careful that you don't sacrifice God's best on the altar of pragmatism.
It isn't so much a controversial issue, but a growing reality that seems to be happening beyond whatever I may personally think or believe about these matters.
I agree, "One of the greatest dangers to biblical living is the temptation of expediency...
But what if we did away with titles, staff positions, offices, professional clergy, etc. and simply got back to being led by the Eph.4:11 and 1 Cor. 12:28 leadership structures as put forth by Paul?
We truly want to be aligned with what the Spirit is doing, and what Scripture actually teaches.
for the courage to raise these questions.
I now love the word “semantics.”
and try and put me down by saying,
It hurt. Then one day I looked up the word.
If Jesus is the head of the body the church;
Could the problem arise because of a simple
Is “servant leader” in the Bible?
But here in the states when someone
wants to start a so called “church”
they go to the government, the I.R.S.,
and if the request is granted they become a,
Should we call a corporation - “The Church?”
for one is your Master, (leader)
Jesus then says, if any man serve me,
Paul also says, to serve the Lord Christ.
And women can serve the living God.
As long as they are not looking for
Keep asking questions. In His Service.
I sense the Spirit moving away from an official titled ministry back to a gift based ministry calling for all His people. However the “laity” and the “clergy” are both uncomfortable with this move. They each have too much to give up. I pray for God to shake us up real good so we can get back to serving in true New Testament roles.
May God bless your ministry and you family.
Funny you should mention semantics being the study of words and origins. I just finished reading last night the George Orwell classic, "1984." The appendix to this fictional--but highly relevant book to what is happening today politically, socially, religiously--is all about controlling the meaning of words, and reducing their meaning to only what those in power say they mean. Richly descriptive words are reduced to single staccato meanings where "Big Brother" approves the definition being used. By reducing the permitted words and their meanings, it soon becomes easy to manipulate people's thinking on just about any subject.
I am probably taking your point way beyond what was intended, but the book is fresh on my mind, and see just how crucial words actually are. The meanings we give to words play a huge role on how we interpret life, Scripture, theology, really, just about everything! He who controls the meanings of words, controls a lot more than just words.
Like Amos commenting right above, you both make some excellent points and have given me some good food for thought and reflection.
The shaking up that you refer to has already begun here in Ecuador. I am amazed that after years of these ideas being all but taboo, suddenly they are being seen as mainstream by an increasing number of evangelical opinion makers, pastors, denominational heads, and media.
A quote that has helped me understand what is happening is attributed to Arthur Schopenhauer,
At least here in Ecuador, I sense we are coming out of phase two and entering phase three. This shift seems to be taking place at a much faster pace here, than what we were able to observe there in the USA this past year.
Thanks for the wise and helpful words. You need to blog yourself!
As with all such issues, the devil is in the details. How do we transition from one model to another? We really must get together and talk about this sometime. I guess I need to get down to the post office and get that application for a passport.
Yes, first things first. Get your passport! As much as we enjoy talking about these issues, your coming down and DOING is more important.
What once seemed like such clear issues are no longer so cut and dried. I remember back in the year 2000 when the eight IMB M's, who at that time lived in Guayaquil, met to try to understand what God would have us do as his servants in this part of the world.
All that to say, we are still trying to understand many of the things we read in the NT and how we are to go about being the Body of Christ here on earth.
Like all those above, thanks for your contribution to the conversation.
Another thing about the struggle with traditions -- it is absolutely imperative to not be divisive. The brotherly affection that protects and preserves the unity of all Christ followers is vital to our witness. The tension between maintaining human relationships and being zealous for the kingdom helps us to grow to be more like Christ.
One final thing -- if you feel you cannot work within the framework of the BF&M and the people who affirm it, wouldn't the ethical thing for you to do be to renounce your Southern Baptist support?
Didn’t remember that part about words.
play a huge role on how we interpret life,
Scripture, theology, really, just about everything!
He who controls the meanings of words,
controls a lot more than just words.”
the truth of the words that are written.
How much harder word's that we make up.
Although there are some made up words
that I like. Oh my - breaking one of my own rules.
I now tell people; You need a Total Hysterectomy.
Right - Where is that in the Bible?
A lady friend, late 60’s, says she heard God say to her, she needs a total hysterectomy.
She asked me what I thought that meant
Apparently, Amos Love is concerned that my comments have an argumentative tone. Perhaps I have presumed too much on your friendship, Guy. I do not wish to argue over this issue -- that is precisely my point. I do not believe that championing women's roles in church is key to advancing the kingdom. It is a side issue that must not divert us.
Doesn’t the whole body of Christ
have the ministry of reconciliation?
Isn’t the most important message
delivered by at least five women
When the 11 didn’t believe them;
At least five women were the first
But so shall it not be among you:
Thank you both for your input. I am beginning to think that more is being assumed from this post than what was originally intended!
My intent is not to go against the BF&M by making this "side issue" a main issue. You are right, Randel, in that these kinds of things should not divert us from keeping "the main thing, the main thing."
If you could see first hand what is happening, you'd see that our focus IS on the trees, and planting more trees! We have made it a priority to work alongside all the different Kingdom trees, not just our variety of tree. We are working closer today with our Baptist brethren than at any time since 1997. This very evening I will be training Baptist lay people on tree planting, baskets for collecting the fruit, etc.
In fact, we are so committed to the bigger picture of multiplying disciples and churches in our Jerusalem, Judea, Samaria, and ends of the earth, that we are even willing to compromise our personal convictions about many of these issues, so as to NOT make them divisive issues that would keep us from working together.
As Paul says in 1Co.10, Give none offense, neither to the Jews, nor to the Gentiles, nor to the church of God: Even as I please all men in all things, not seeking mine own profit, but the profit of many, that they may be saved.
On any given day, I find myself sitting down with brothers and sisters in Christ from all across the evangelical spectrum. Our approach and focus is to find out what they are doing to multiply disciples and churches. We then share with them how we might help them accomplish their mission goals within their understanding of the task, their denominational context, their interpretations of Scripture, their ecclesiology, church practices, traditions, etc.
What is happening, though, (and hence my bringing up a topic like "Is shepherding a spiritual gift or a church office?") when we do engage churches from across the spectrum who are actively seeking to make disciples, multiply churches, etc. THESE ISSUES ARISE--WHETHER WE WANT THEM TO OR NOT! They are real matters. I don't invent them to have something to blog about.
END OF PART I, SEE BELOW FOR MORE...
When you minister amongst ordinary hermanos(as)--lay people-- and not the professional class ordained, seminary trained pastors, these issues naturally arise on their own accord. Posts like this one are my attempt to interpret what we see happening.
The point is not to make controversial statements about the BF&M, but to take a second look at what Scripture ACTUALLY TEACHES!
Does it really say, women can't plant churches and shepherd the new believers as they go about doing what Jesus said to do?
To me it is far more unbiblical to say only men can be involved in carrying out the Great Commission. If I am going to err, I'd rather err on the side of empowering women to do what Jesus said to do, than to hold them back!
If we accept the fact that the GC was given to ALL believers, then why should we be getting upset when sisters begin to make disciples, baptize, and teach the new believers just like Jesus commanded?
I admit, it gets a little sticky when one tries to draw the line between Jesus command to "make disciples, baptize, and teach" and shepherding/pastoring those new believers. How can you make disciples without baptizing and teaching them? And if women engage in obeying these commands, are they going against the BF&M, Art.VI?
These are REAL missionary questions. The intent is not to stir up controversy (Lord knows we have enough of that already!) but to seek out honest Biblical answers for these things happening. This post is my obviously flawed attempt to ask questions that maybe shouldn't be asked. But then, when they are asked, how are we to answer?
I hope this helps a bit in further clarifying where we are coming from.
I did not intend to write again in this thread, but I sensed some frustration in your last responses and I feel badly about it. I wish we could sit in your living room and discuss these things rather than debate them with all the world looking on. In part, that has been my concern. In an ideal world, you could ask for help with this issue and well-meaning people would calmly give your their thoughts. However, in today's world, some questions by their very nature provoke antagonism and division. The question for which you asked input is one such question.
I guess what I am saying is this -- don't raise the question, just do it. As long as God gives His approval, what difference does the opinion of others make? If you truly are seeking guidance in order to make up your mind, do it more discreetly. To raise it publicly invites attack which may have unintended consequences.
Thanks for your last comment below. I appreciate your concern about possibly having frustrated us, but that is far from the reality.
I, along with many others reading, are grateful for a platform in which to dialog about these matters. It is not so much that we have our minds perfectly made up, but are testing ideas and seeking input so as to clarify things we are already considering.
The day we can no longer talk openly about the Word of God and have to do so privately is indeed a sad day. I hope we haven't come to that day already!
Again, thanks for the input and excellent questions you bring to the table. We too think about these things and the implications of answering them honestly. I loved your last sentence, Just wondering. Or is it wandering? That's how we feel much of the time as well! :)
I have come late to the reading of a fine post. Your questions are, at least to me, thoughtful, thought provoking and needed.
I will admit that your dialogue with Randel was interesting and I commend you both for the spirit of your conversation. I think your words TO EACH OTHER reflect a deep friendship. You are both to be commended for wanting to guard that which any one who has close friends knows is important.
I would have to side with you, Guy, on this one. [Not meaning that anyone needs to or should pick sides. Just a phrase.] I think it IS the right time and maybe even the right forum to ask questions and research what we believe the text says on these issues afresh.
While the BF@M is a good enough document for the moment it is, after all, ONLY for the moment. It will be abridged eventually in some ways. Maybe discussions like this can be a part of that process. I would like to think so.
Guy - This one is in two parts also.
I have some more questions. : o )
Do they have difficulty in learning
when I asked questions about this one.
Have you ever looked at the “some?”
Does the “some” refer to the saints?
get all five, or is it four in Greek?
If there are no apostles and prophets;
Thanks for the kind words and for stopping by to add your wisdom to the conversation.
Somehow, I see these words as relevant to what you share above about this being the right time (and maybe even the right forum) to ask these kinds of questions. As others have repeatedly stated, we shouldn't be divided over 2nd and 3rd tier issues. There is simply too much that unites us in the person of Jesus, to allow differing interpretations of difficult passages to stand in the way of our being able to cooperate together on the main tenants of our faith--such as the Great Commission.
It is disconcerting to me that legitimate Biblical questions, having a major bearing on the fulfilling of the Great Commission, are no longer welcomed matters for open discussion, except when discussed behind closed doors in an air of secrecy.
As I wrote somewhere above, where does one go anymore with their questions?
You ask many questions that we toss around in our heads as well. While not wanting to get into the matter fully here as a comment, in summary, much of your questions can be answered if we accept that a,p,e,p,t workers are given to the city/region church, but not necessarily to each local church.
Like I said, there is probably a lot more pieces missing in this equation, but this is our current understanding of how some of this might play out.
A thoughtful response to: "Why are we afraid of ho...

How can I choose the right flooring in Lake Forest?
Why is it important to get a professional installation service for Lake Forest flooring?
What can I do to make sure my flooring in Lake Forest will last for many years?
Proper care and maintenance. It does not get any easier than that. No matter how good your floors are, they will still need maintenance. This is up to you. Make sure you avoid scratches, wipe away spills as soon as possible, and your flooring in Lake Forest will stand the test of time.

With 124 unique majors to choose from, there's sure to be an area of study that's right for you at the University of Idaho.
Students were awarded more than $8,000 for projects focused on improving sustainability at the university.

And at just 16 years old, he also became the youngest ever winner of the Championship.
The ADD Motorsports driver said: “It’s great to get the title - it was a tough Championship and to take it with a round to spare is really satisfying.
“I finished on the podium in every race apart from two, so it shows how consistent I’ve been.
“I was in a lot of pain through a neck injury and it really affected my driving this weekend.
“I was really surprised to finish second when I was struggling so much. The last race was up there with one of my best.”
Somerset driver Lando was off the pace in practice. A gearbox problem saw him miss most of the session and finish in 16th position in the first session and the second saw a slight improvement as he finished eighth.
With a lot to do, he thought the first qualifying would be difficult, but after a few changes to the car, he came through to take pole.
He lost the lead at the start of race one, although his main competitor for the title was later handed a drive-through penalty for a jump start.
Lando dropped another position soon after, but with his race pace not quite there, couldn’t find a way back and had to settle for third.
On his way to the second qualifying on Sunday, Lando felt something go in his neck – later believed to be a trapped nerve.
It meat he went straight from the massage table into the pit lane and was forced to alter his driving position to drive through the pain.
He finished 13 on old tyres and sixth on the new tyres, despite his obvious discomfort.
For the second race, it was the same story, with the young driver’s preparations in disarray due to the injury.
But despite being forced to drive in pain, he got off to a good start and soon moved into fifth place and then made a good move to get into third.
He dropped back into fourth, but with three laps to go made another move that saw him get back into a podium position.
The driver then managed to take second place and defended well to finish there.
“It was the same in the second race – so I was really happy to get second place.
“I had mixed emotions getting the title. I was really pleased to get through the weekend and still take the Championship in these circumstances.
“It means I’ve taken the extra licence points which is another step towards my goal of getting into F1.
“There are a lot of well known past winners who have gone onto Formula 1, so to be up there with them is a great achievement.
"I'd just like to thank the whole team for getting me across the line, from the Joseph Kaufmann Racing team, to Pap, Louise and ADD Motorsports - and of course my family who support me every step of the way."
“He’s put in a lot of hard work along the way and to go out this weekend and drive so well when he was in so much pain was really impressive.
“He can push on for another title this weekend in the Formula Renault 2.0 NEC and we hope there can be many more in the future.”

Personally, all 3. But #2 probably if I had to...
I know this is a fairly old thread but I found...
Nice. Did you happen to shoot them through a...
Nice. Did you happen to shoot them through a chrono? I’m afraid to go shoot the new ones
Feeder lights, sniper light on your bow. Feed roads and wait and sneak back up the road. As well as sneaking into different feeders if you don’t wanna just sit at one and wait
Look at primary arms. They always have them on...
Look at primary arms. They always have them on sale, recently they were 29.99 or 39.99
I would go with the higher magnification. IMO sometimes the bigger objective lens doesn’t look good on certain guns.
How far do you plan on shooting? If around 100 or even 200 and in I’d just go...
Red deer... hope you get him, they are tasty
I’m 26 and mine ring all the time. Too many...
I’m 26 and mine ring all the time. Too many gunshots without ear pro and too many ar’s with muzzle breaks. I notice it the most in the deer stand and at night, I have to have a fan going next to me...
My buddy and I killed these 2 tonight. 6.8 did a number on them and pretty sure the boar is my biggest pig yet
https://youtu.be/w0QquaQg9z8 He has a couple...
He has a couple of videos on it
You mean using these and a full choke is a little...
You mean using these and a full choke is a little much for shooting ducks on a tank that I can pretty much cast a lure across???
Go buy a gun that shoots 3 1/2s and send you...
Go buy a gun that shoots 3 1/2s and send you pictures of blown up woodies
No clue. I just know the academy I was at doesn’t...
Don’t see why not... most of the time they are...
Don’t see why not... most of the time they are the same head, just different packaging. I asked rage the other day about the black/red collars and what point you should use the red ones. He said...
Move closer... or can get a few of these (which...
Move closer... or can get a few of these (which obviously doesn’t help your current situation, but future use)
My parents got me one for a birthday present....
My parents got me one for a birthday present. I’ve shot Dove, quail, chucker, and ducks with it and not one issue
We are in Paige and it’s been a weird year for us...
We are in Paige and it’s been a weird year for us as well. My dad killed a doe opening weekend and that’s it, I’ve seen more coyotes than deer. Still lots of acorns on the ground the last time I went
I like it. I like the big platform personally,...
I like it. I like the big platform personally, can stretch out some and room to lean a rifle in the corner and not feel cramped
I’m very interested to try one out. Watched a...
I don’t know about 125. I know they got the 100...
I don’t know about 125. I know they got the 100 and 150
Steel force still makes a good head. They have a...

But it works fine and to me surprise it boots in about 15 seconds .
If we sell it how much we can get .
In other words what can be the destination for it junk yard or museum
If it's good condition, it could be worth a couple hundred.
No way . I thought some collector will buy it in good price so that we can buy a brand new Mac
put it on Ebay as a collectible and see what happens
Yeah, unless it's in mint condition (i.e, kept in it's box for most of its life, has all the original documentation and software) it's not incredibly valuable.
And actually, what model do you really have? It should tell you on the front unless it's the 128k/512k, because I'm pretty sure the original Macs only had 400k disk drives, the Plus was the first to use 800k and it's worth less.
Don't take it from me though, check eBay and see what these things are going for because I personally haven't checked the classic Mac market in quite some time.
Macs aren't that old. There are thousands, maybe millions of 1980s Macs that run. Hold onto it, it could pay off down the road. It certainly won't buy you a new Mac today.
There is a 1984 Mac on ebay (US) right now and it is advertised as immaculate. It really looks like brand new and ships with all original accessories and even the box.
$900. I don't think that it will sell for that price though.
Do you mean millions of macs from 80s still work . I thought they were very rare .
Not rare at all unless they are brand new and in the original box. Even then, they're worth enough to buy a new Mac.
For a collector to be interested, it has to be MUCH rarer and MUCH older (in computer years) - like this 1976 Apple I, apparently one of 200 made.
This could happened if the 1984 user with his super natural powers knew that the mac will sell at very high price in year 2010 .
Ya Ebay is the place to go, look at the completed items. I bought one recently, flawless - 135.00. Tons of them on there, the ones that go for hundreds seem to have something special about them otherwise its like 100-200.
From your description, you may not have an "original 1984" Mac.
You likely have either a Macintosh Plus, or an earlier model that has been upgraded to Plus-status (which was a common upgrade.) In either case, it's not worth a lot.
Even if it was a perfect-condition, truly stock 1984-released Macintosh 128, with all original packaging, it would be worth - at most - $500. As
If it doesn't have its packaging, you're looking at $100-$200.
As for having unopened ones? It has been known to happen. A school or a business will buy a lot of systems, including some as spares that sit unopened. Someone posted a year or two ago about finding (and opening,) a factory-sealed PCjr that was exactly that, school old stock.
There are all sorts of reasons why it could happen. Such as a business bought many for their office and a spare was never opened and just remained in storage or one bought for a family member that died before opening it and it was simply forgotten in the garage.
Take a few pictures and post it so we can see what you actually have. Don't forget all the software and box if you have it. Is it this little guy?
It probably will be another 20 years or so and then this stuff will be worth something. Today, it is hard to sell pre-internet hardware unless it is an Apple 1.
that is probably as close as you can find these days to an all original system that has not been upgraded or mucked with, and at the moment it has 1 bid for $19.95
I would guess this system is worth maybe $500-1,000
at the end of the day it is worth what someone else is willing to pay for it.
I have a 1987 Mac Plus (build date April, 1987), that has 4 MB of ram, two 800 KB floppy drives (one internal, and one external). All work just fine. There worth is nothing unless I could fine some sucker willing to pay something for it. So get over the fact that it is old. Being old doesn't make something a classic.

As someone who has extremely sensitive skin, I was interested to learn that some laundry detergents contain little-known chemicals called optical brighteners – which, according to scientific research, can cause allergic reactions, are toxic to small fish and other aquatic life, and can pollute waterways.
Seventh Generation laundry detergents are both free of these optical brighteners AND they are non-toxic. If avoiding harsh chemicals is important to you (as it is to me), you’ll be happy to know that Seventh Generation products are both hypo-allergenic and biodegradable as well.
1) Leave a comment letting me know if you have used Seventh Generation Laundry products before. (Note: Scroll to the bottom of this post and click “Post Comment”. You must be on my site – you can’t do this through a reader.)
3) Promote this on your Facebook Page. (Be sure to check out Stretching a Buck and Seventh Generation on Facebook!)
If I don’t use homemade detergent, 7th generation is the only other one I can use without my children’s skin breaking out!
Have not used any Seventh Generation products but would love to win as my son has sensitive skin.
I have never tried them before, but I like that they are for those with sensitive skin!
I’ve only tried their diapers, but would love to try the detergent.
I have never tried Seventh Generation because of price but always wanted too!
I like seventh generation laundry detergent. I think that it works well for general cleaning. For stain removal, I have to add something else.
Ive never used these products but would love to try them.
Never used the laundry, but have used the cleaning wipes.
I’ve never used them but would like the opportunity to!
Never even heard of this but would love to try it. I just buy the all free and clear because I have very sensitive skin and so do my 3 children.
I always love trying new products!
Have never tried the product. would love the chance! :)
I’ve never tried Seventh Generation before, but since there are skin allergies in our family, I’m interested in trying!
never tried, but would love too!
I’ve never used these products before, but I’d like to. With one toddler and a second baby due any day now, these would definitely come in handy!
I have not tried this, but was told by my doctor to never use anything but FREE and CLEAR detergents. I am hopeful to win, sure would like to try this one
No, I’ve never tried this before. Am curious about it because I assumed the “free and clear” detergents were good.
I haven’t tried the laundry products but I do use the dishwasher tabs, dish soap and bathroom cleaner.
Haven’t tried the brand, but have thought about it.
Have not tried 7th generation but have sensitive skin (especially in winter) and would love to try it!
I LOVE the lavender scent laundry soap.
I tweeted, just as you asked! :)
nope, never tried, but would love to!
I have not used the laundry products before but have tried some of their other products. I would love to try them though!
No, I have not tried their products but would love to try them :-)
I have never tried them before, but I would love to…my daughter has a rash right now :(
I’ve never tried these products, but would like to.
OMG, YESSSSS! i LOVE their laundry products! i’m allergic to scented soap, so it’s so great to have something i don’t have to worry about breaking out into hives!
I haven’t used their laundry products yet but I currently use Seventh Generation dish soap, wipes and toilet cleaner.
I have never used the laundry detergent, but I use the dishsoap all the time
I have never tried this brand but have always wanted to.
I bought my first product by seventh generation just a few weeks ago, and honestly never heard of it until I found the coupon I used. When I got the multi surface cleaner home and used it, I knew I was hooked! It was great!
Tried the counter spray with a coupon. Worked well. Would like to try the laundry soap too. Son has very sensitive skin.
I’ve never used them before but I would sure like to try.
I’ve never try it. Always buy what’s on sale. This sound great. Maybe it will help my daughter’s break out. God Bless! Merry CHRISTmas and Thanks for all u do
I’ve tried the dish washing liquid before. Would love to try the laundry products!
Never tired th products before. But boy,did the story sound familiar. I use free and clear… hoping to see the same change! will be getting updates on my newsfeed
Haven’t tried the products yet but would love to win them!
I have never tried this product before.
i follow on face book, i have never tried this item.
I currently use Seventh Generation all-purpose cleaner spray (especially in my kitchen) and L-O-V-E it as I don’t have to worry about it getting on things that my toddler might stick in his mouth.
I haven’t used this brand, but I do use free and clear products, so I’d love to try!
I have not tried Seventh Generation products before due to the price. This is a great giveaway!
I haven’t used this brand, but I have heard good things about it!
Hi, I have not used the seventh generation products yet but have been meaniing to since my daughter Natalie was born. I know they would be safer for her.
Wow. Thanks for the informative post – I also thought Free and Clear was FREE and CLEAR! Whoops. I have not tried 7th Generation, but I will now. Thanks.
I have not used it, but certainly will try it now!
Have never used – would love to try!
I have tried the dish detergent and loved it!!
I’m interested in trying these.
It’s extremely gentle on your skin AND removes stains as well! I’ve tried other natural products and while gentle on your skin, they are horrible at removing stains!!
I would love to try this brand. I have been thinking about it for awhile, but didn’t know much a bout it. Thanks!
I’ve used their cleaners, but not the laundry soap.
I subscribe to your email and like you on facebook.
I like you and Seventh Generation on facebook. I have promoted on my facebook page.
I have never used their products, but I would love to try them!
I have not tried their laundry soap but have tried their other items and have been happy with them.
I have not used the laundry products, but I have used some of their cleaning products. Thanks for the chance. bekki1820cb at gmail dot com
I have never tried 7th generation products but would love the opportunity to let my mom try them, she has very sensitive skin.
I have never tried seventh generation detergents but I’m always willing to try something new.
I have used Free & Clear detergents, etc for over a decade. I never thought this worth the extra price until you shared your test. I’m impressed and with five kids and a mechanic in the house, would definitely like to give it a try.
I have used the Seventh Generation detergent once before, but not on a regular basis…and I don’t think since I’ve gotten my front-loader washer.
I have never used Seventh Generation Laundry products but would love to try them.!
We use a lot of Seven Generations products – including Laundry.
I have never used the Seventh Generation laundry products, but I have used their household cleaners and love them!
Have never used but would like to try.
I’ve never tried this brand but would like to!
I have not tried them before but will now! Both my son and my daughter have very sensistive skin and it is a challenge to find detergent and softner that doesn’t cause them to break out in a rash or walk around itching all day!
i am currently a subscriber to your RSS feed! :)
I’ve never tried but I’d like to. I’m a fan of fragrance- and dye-free detergents that get the clothes clean but it sounds like I should be considering 7th gen. Thanks!
I have never tried Seventh Generation Laundry products before but like that kind of products.
I have never tried the laundry soap before….would love to! Is it made for he washers? :)
I have used Seventh Generation a couple of times.
I have never used the Seventh Generation products but would love to try them. I’ve seen them at the market.
I have not used in the past. Would love to try them.
I’ve never used their laundry products before. Would love to try them :)
I have not tried the laundry detergent yet but have used the kitchen and bath cleaners. I had a HUGE deal stock up on Tide a while back, so still have several bottles :)
Haven’t tried them yet but would love to!
I’ve tried the dish soap, and I like the fact that their ingredient list is readable! :-)
Am now a follower on Facebook, didn’t even know you were on FB!
I have used their products before.
I have only tried a sample pack of 7th Generation.
I have used these products before including their diapers and wipes. Love them!!!
I have never used any of their products before, but I would love to try them!
I have never used Seventh Generation products before. I would love to give them a try. Thanks for the giveaway.
I love 7th Gen’s products but they are a little on the expensive side for me, but I get their stuff whenever I can work a deal. If my budget and the savings stars align they are my brand of choice.
I have not actually used Seventh Generation. I usually buy my products at CVS and Walgreens and they do not sell them here! I would love to try them though.
I have not tried Seventh Generation product yet. I will of course once I can buy some CHEAP!
I have never tried but would like to…..
I normally make my own laundry soap, which I do love, and is all natural. However, I previously used 7th generation, and would if I wasn’t using handmade soap. Cost doesn’t matter as much as health and longterm benefit vs short term benefit (low cost).
Great info to pass along in this post!
Have never used them but would love to try them!
I subscribe via facebook and emails. I have tried it and prefer it since we are on septic and live near a creek, so who wouldn’t want as natural as they can be. :)
Never tried these products, but would love to !!!
I’ve never tried these, but will with a coupon.
I”ve never used their laundry products. I have used their cleaning products around the house and love them!
I’ve never tried this product, but having various allergies, it would be a great one to receive & check it out!
Merry Christmas & Happy New Year to each & everyone!
I have not used it before but I am more interested in trying it. I have been doing reseach and found the everyday stuff we use have a lot more chemecials thab i thought. I am want to cut those exposures out of our daily lives.
I haven’t never used this product, but I heard many good things about it recently.
I’ve used their cleaning products but not laundry, I’d love to try though!
I shared on facebook and I like your page
I’ve never used 7th Generation – have used Free & Clear since hubby has sensitive skin – would like to try.
I have not tried the seventh generation products yet only because they are a little pricey.
I have never used seventh generation products, but have thought about trying them several times.
I love 7th Generation’s Laundry products.
I have never used the products.
I bought them, when it was on clearance @ Toys r us and loved it. Would like to win this. Thanks for the giveaway.
I have used Seventh Generation laundry detergents and like to use many of their other products as well!
I haven’t tried these products but would love to.
I have only used the Seventh Generation multi-purpose wipes, never the laundry products though!!
I have never used their products before.
I have tried them once when on sale and liked it very much would love to win this.
I HAVENT TRIED THE SEVENTH GENERATION BUT IF ITS SAFE FOR MY FAMILY AND THE ENVIROMENT COUNT ME IN. MY SKIN IS SENSITIVE.
I use other environmentally friendly products, but I’ve never used Seventh Generation laundry detergent. Would like to try it though.
I haven’t actually used them yet but would love to!
I’ve never tried Seventh Generation products, but I would like to!
I really like the laundry detergent and dish soap.
I honestly have not tried the 7th Generation laundry products. I had been given a TON of laundry products and I’m just now getting to the end of them. I would LOVE to try a cleaning product that is healthier for my family.
I’ve never used but have always considered it. Usually I go for the better deal at Costco.
I have never used 7th Generation Products before. Would love to try! Thanks for the great opportunity :)
we use seventh generation cleaning products for most things, although we’re still working our way through some Method detergent at the moment. I love the company and their products work very well!!
I have tried the kitchen cleaning products, but not the laundry items.
I have never used this product before! Can’t wait to try it!
I have never tried these before but would love to.
I’ve never used their products before but would love to try them!!
I would love to try them! Haven’t used it before.

Oh yea, what kind of camera you use?
I was down at the basin at 6:00 a.m. Saturday morning.
First time in three years I've been able to get my camera down at peak.
I'll share some of mine later. Thanks for yours.
i had never been to the tidal basin before! And I've lived in the DC area my whole life
I took a few pictures around Tokyo of the cherry blossoms, but now the wind and rain has blown them all over and made an awful mess.
Here's my best picture, in both 1024x768 and full resolution.
i just got back from japan over a week ago. i wish i could have stayed longer
nice pictures, thank you for sharing, i enjoyed them!!
Very nice pictures, thank you for sharing. Someday I hope to see them in person. It does seem to be an odd human quality to live in an are all your life and not see the sights.
I took this picture yesterday morning:
Nice pics, man! The sunset pictures, 1880 and 1883, are my favorites. Keep it up!

“But that it spread no further among the people, let us straitly threaten them, that they speak henceforth to no man in this name.”
And they called them, and commanded them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus. Act 4:17-18
Yet, what does the faithful Church do?
There is power in the word of the Lord.
And when they lived that way, what happened?
“For from you sounded out the word of the Lord”.

Looking for a rewarding job? We are currently looking to fill a term full-time Youth Care Worker position within our residential treatment program in Regina. This is a group home for adults with developmental disabilities.
Understanding of the complex needs of persons with co-occurring mental health diagnoses and developmental and intellectual disabilities is an asset.
Ability to develop strong relationships with participants.
Ideal candidate would have a basic understanding of simple sign language and other alternative communication systems used for individuals who are non-verbal.
Minimum of 1-2 years of related residential or youth care experience.

Congratulations! This Entry has been selected as a finalist.
We help neighbourhoods in Singapore design community-owned spaces and solutions - by providing tools, methods, and networks with creative professionals and individuals at the hyperlocal level - to create designs that are fit-for-purpose, well-used and well-loved by the communities affected.
What if people can influence and make positive change to their own neighbourhoods?
Design and planning practices in Singapore have traditionally been characterised as being top-down and dogmatic, resulting in a limited sense of responsibility and ownership towards public and shared spaces today. An alternative approach to understanding the role of everyday people is needed to build resilient, empowered communities.
Revenue streams include design consultancy projects commissioned by public agencies and community organisations in Singapore, using the Blueprint to design and build spaces/solutions with their constituents; workshops/training programmes with schools and design firms, on implementing the Blueprint in service learning and CSR projects. These will fund education and advocacy programmes, special projects, research and development of tools, overhead.
In recent years, we have seen growing interests in a participatory approach to design and planning, although there are no similar organisations in Singapore that adopt this approach at the hyperlocal level. In cities such as New York and Copenhagen, the participatory design scene has been more established compared to Singapore. Similar organizations include Project for Public Spaces and 12Byer. However our experiences in working with local communities tell us that Singapore requires methods and tools that are better designed for its social culture and political environment.
The project is currently run by a group of designers with industry experience in design thinking, architecture and planning, and industrial design. We are supported by an extensive network of volunteers from multidisciplinary backgrounds including engineering and art that we tap on as per the requirements of each project, and an esteemed committee of mentors from both private and public sectors. Looking for a Communications Associate.
Where have you learnt about the competition?
A friend recommended us to apply for Change Makers!
Tell us about your partnerships:
We have not established partnership at the moment.

Double room very bright and spacious, with the possibility of adding a third single bed.
The room is positioned overlooking the swimming pool and the Irminio valley. Suitable for every travel need. Just for a holiday, ideal for those who want to turn a business trip into a pleasure trip. The room has a large bathroom with shower, LCD satellite TV and free WI-FI internet access.
Free private parking. Private veranda in the garden.
The furniture is minimal with an original design, the bed linen is on high sheet.
The furniture is very simple with an original design. All the furniture has been designed and built to measure.

Five reasons I have no really impressive progress to show you.
1. A good chunk of my knitting time was sucked into the “housekeeping, feeding your family, celebrating family milestones and earning a living” trap. I can’t believe I keep falling for that.
3. I have suffered the worlds most minor injury.
Sadly, this incredibly insignificant cut on my finger is in the precise position necessary to interfere with knitting. I can still knit, but this makes me slow. (It also makes me knit with my finger sticking up like I’m trying to make a point. Very unbecoming.)
5. Ted (The Oracle) sent me yarn. I usually don’t blog gifts between friends, because I think them private matters, but this was simply to stunning to not tell you about.
Ted spindle-spun this 100 grams of finn laceweight, and it is so beautiful that huge swaths of my day are falling away as I sit and stare at it.
138 thoughts on “I was going to knit a lot…”
The Purloined Letter on August 16, 2006 at 4:04 pm said:
I’m so glad so many people donated hats! Great job! And what a great project!
Yep, those games are definitely addicting. I just didn’t bother reinstalling them after my computer died so that I wouldn’t be tempted to play instead of doing more important things, like knitting.
Time to get to work on those little hats, which I forgot all about thanks to summer vacation.
Try Krazy Glue on the cut. Just make sure it is a smooth thin layer and not a blob. I’ve been using it for years on the cracks that develop on my fingertips in the winter, and it works like a charm. It was recomended to me by a doctor, and is apparently used in surgery all the time. Just don’t knit or play piano till it dries.
I can lose hours, days, weeks to the Sims. I haven’t played for a few months because the computer they live in is in pieces and I have to say that I’m getting a little twitchy.
Oh no, you have a boo boo! I feel for ya. I’ve had exactly the same thing happen. Boy do ya feel silly, but at the same time, it HURTS! Especially if you keep poking at it with a knitting needle.
My injury is a little more severe but does not inhibit knitting. I broke my ankle saturday.
I too have lost valuable knitting time to the Sims 2, so I feel your pain. It’s definitely the fact that I can micromanage their lives…plus, they have way more money than I do. (Life, sadly, does not have a “kaching” cheat code.)
I think we need a WORLD DOMINATION THROUGH WOOL button.
(side note- since I made all those baby hats that didn’t fit my eight-year-old, I’ve had to go back and make one to fit him, an apple, and he loves it, but says he will NOT wear it to school. oh well)
Ted? Are you reading this? Will you marry me?
Steph? You have the power of WDTW, as you surely have figured out by now. Just tell us, your faithful minions, the next step in your grand plan.
Awwww! That baby’s beautiful! But, aren’t they all? I think a video game that promotes activity should have less restrictions than your average video game. Not unlimited access, though. Maybe allow it more in the winter months. World domination, indeed!
As for that “video game”. I would think that that wouldn’t fall subject to the standard video game rules as it isn’t about sitting around with nothing more than the fingers getting any activity. Haven’t done PSP yet, but I do admit to having the Gamecube timesuck in my home.
Personally, I love my Dance Dance Revolution (you know with the on-screen arrows and dance mat) for my workout. I’ve done lots of cardio hours with that one. (Hey, I’ve lost 10 pounds since I started using it a couple of months ago.) My kids are young still, but like trying to do it as well. It is very hard to argue with a video game that actually makes you move:)
I second the comment about glueing your cut. It works great! Also, don’t go to the bathroom before it dries…I’m just saying.
I think you should drop everything RIGHT NOW and knit it.
We’re trying to work out the rules for video games and kids (when they show up) but I plan on letting them play all the Dance Dance Revolution they want. DDR is fantastic for venting energy when it’s too hot/cold outside for play, it’s easy and addictive, and it isn’t likely to be played for hours on end.
I was wearing a bandage in exactly the same spot on exactly the same finger yesterday. But, um, mine had Spiderman on it. DPN kept getting stuck in it though, so the sock knitting was out.
And Steph? You know I love you and only wish you good things (even though it would seem that I enjoy watching you implode more than the average bear) but I have to admit it wouldn’t be safe to let me near the Tedspun laceweight. Damn that’s gorgeous stuff.
We got one of those Eye-toys for christmas (or rather, the kids did) and Yes, it is a legitimate workout. Is exercising to a workout video any less exercise because it involves TV? and the videogame is more fun.
The hats are amazing, and the laceweight is inspiring. thank you for sharing!
At last an actual use for one of those brain-sucking boxes. I will definitely considering getting one now. When the mercury hits 30 below or less, setting foot outside on purpose, is generally not on my list of things to do. Exercise in a fun way inside without leaving home, I’m all for that!
All those hats rock! Now, I’m even more pissy about being stuck up in the middle of far from the nearest boondock. My yarn didn’t come in, in time for me to get them there for Breastfeeding Week. Ah, well, I have it and the addresses for next year.
Hellova place on the finger to get a cut. I use surgical tape: I can mold it right to the topography of the finger. Much better than a bandage.
how did you hurt your finger????
I watched that kinetic commercial and am not even sure what I saw… really feeling old here (at 48). On the other hand, exercise is good so if it accomplishes that (without product placements or other distractions) then I’d give it a try I guess… if I had a playstation or tv. Of course, if you don’t have that stuff then its a non-issue :~}
I knit some of those hats that went to Ilene. It felt good to do something on behalf of breastfeeding. Since my baby is going to be 14 in 3 weeks and breastfeeding isn’t something I get to do anymore. 😉
I can picture those hats on those sweet little heads, and it warms my heart to no end. Way to go, knitters. Thanks Steph for letting us know how we can help. I’m all for wool domination through wool (another tshirt, Rams?). I’m not so sure about putting Crazy Glue on one’s finger though….
I hate going to the dentist, too. I have to bribe myself with a Starbucks Caramel Frapuccino afterwards (which I never get – too caloric – so it’s a good reward for dentistry.) I hope this was your last dentist visit for a good long while.
I take karate but wanted another fun way to help get in shape and got the kinetic game for Christmas. I love it. I’ve been able to achieve some of my goals with this game and it tracks your progress too. I’d say encourage them to do excercise while they still think it’s fun. There is not one game on there that isn’t good for you. Count it differently than other video games.
I will spare you the absolutely pathetic story of this visits panic attack. I assure you that I am normally a very tough lady and that the completely pathetic behaviour I exhibit at the dentist is a rare anomaly that is best forgotten by all parties concerned.
You too, huh? I got nitrous yesterday and I’ll tell you what I didn’t give a rip that I was at the dentist getting my tooth drilled out. Until after. When they stopped the happy gas and my chest started tightening up into panic attack mode just like usual.
Oh man… The Sims… I am sure I have lost WEEKS of my life to that game. It is evil, they should re-name it “crack”.
The same thing we do every day knitters…
I don’t think there should be a time limit on the virtual workout. They could be doing worse things, like loitering at some sort of shopping center. At least with this, the heart is pumping. And you won’t get a phone call from the friendly police officers.
>>Breastfeeding is such a cheap, easy way to change the lifelong health of the babies who get it and the mothers who do it…<<
Oh, AMEN. I think my 3 year-old son was cursed with a lousy immune system — he developed a passing lung infection during birth, went through the whole ear infection saga later, and now has mild asthma and allergies. I nursed him for 15 months, though, and I can only imagine how much WORSE his health concerns might be without that extra help that I was able to give him.
Katie - The Knitting Mama on August 16, 2006 at 4:58 pm said:
Spindle-spun?!!!! All I can say is… Wow. That is impressive. 🙂
Yay for all the baby hats! I’m so glad so many of us participated… We definitely need a blog button or t-shirt that says World Domination Through Wool – I love it!
My 2 cents on the video game/workout… limit it to whatever you think an appropriate workout is, and then you can decide how often that’s an acceptable workout (over oh say bike riding?).
I think if the kids still do homework and chores and other daily functions like sleep, then the amount of ‘game time’ is fine. I don’t have kids, but that is how I judge my own gaming time!
Also, consider when something is new, usually it’s really interesting for a week, then the obsessive thrill is gone. Unless it’s Sims or Everquest, that is. 🙂
Breastfeeding is awesome. I breastfed my first son, but my milk wouldn’t come out with my second – they said it was because of badly located fibrous cysts, and scar tissue from pre-cancerous lump removals. We got him milk from the Mother’s Milk Bank in Denver – we still owe them about $13,000 – we just pay it off little by little. His allergies would be MUCH worse if he hadn’t had that milk.
My dentist actually has to give me laughing gas to calm me down for a normal check up. I think this abnormal fear stems from a cavity I was getting filled once. They didn’t give me nearly enough novacaine (is that how it’s spelled?). Anyway, it obviously wasn’t a pretty visit. So I can totally relate.
thanks for posting a follow up about the baby fruit and veggie hats. i was hoping mine got there and that they had a nice amount. it looks very successful. what a fun way to promote breastfeeding.
Cindy Ericsson on August 16, 2006 at 5:30 pm said:
The hats are awesome! And not only is breastfeeding good for moms and babies in so many ways, but it’s perfect for the forgetful or unorganized (I’m both!) mom. You always have everything you need with you! What a brilliant design that is!
Happy birthday Megan (my baby will be 17 in 3 weeks 🙁
Video workouts are all well and good, as long as they’re still getting their vitamin D outside!
Personally, I prefer video games to outside..
Wow, that spindle-spun is amazing, and one of my favorite colors. I’ve only just completed my first two skeins, a bit over 100g, and it came out chunky weight. That color is gorgeous, and look, it’s plied, too! Now I have a gorgeous example to use as a goal.
I always have a Lemon pie on my birthday and prefer it to any cake.Good for you Megan.
And the hat campaign even made it into one of the big (I think) local papers and they mentioned your name. Knitters so rule:
Happy Birthday to your Megan from my own 17-month old Megan.
That’s so awesome about the hats! They all looked so adorable out like that, how wonderful! (I’m a big proponent of breastfeeding too… hopefully next year I’ll be able to make a hat!) And as for the game? Let them play it as long as their little hearts desire…because in a month it will pall, and they’ll never touch it again…
Wow! Look at all those hats! (I think I see one that I made!) So, tell us more about this world domination through wool…
OMG!!! My hat is in the picture! (Sorry. had to stop, breathe, and call my husband at work so that he could see my hat.) I’m better now. It is astonishing what knitters will do when called to do it. Thanks for the opportunity.
Also, the spindle-spun yarn? Ted is my new hero. Seriously, he is the spinner that I hope to be someday. And on a spindle!
Sorry about your finger…perhaps now is the time to knit Continental? The cut is in the perfect position to allow you to extend the forefinger as a yarn guide! 🙂
The hats for WBW/WIC are so. f-ing. cool. I wish everyone had the support needed to breastfeed through any problems that might come up – it’s been a good experience for my kids and me.
And what’s the deal with not coming to the Twin Cities? That used to be on your calendar, but now you’re going to Eau Claire? Are you going to be coming here at all?
That is some of the most beautiful yarn I have ever seen! I wonder how he fit even 1 ply of it on a spindle (or are there several spindle’s worth in there)? Also, did he dye it or is it from a prepared roving? I would love to get my hands on something like that, you lucky girl you.
SO many hats! Congratulations to everyone who participated.
Beyond the Eye Toy games, there’s also DDR (Dance Dance Revolution) which requires a “mat” to play on. You stomp your feet to the beat, and even includes a workout mode.
And, of course, there is Guitar Hero, which Joe will probably fall in love with. A special controller shaped like an electric guitar, and you have to chord and strum in time with the music on the screen.
Its amazing how long a 3 minute song can feel when you either have to dance to it or play it.
He spindle spun that!?! Beautiful! And just the right color for me. Why can’t I have friends like that?
Oh, and the wool/world domination thing? I’m on it! I’ll work on the US, you find someone to take over the operations for Europe, Asia and South America ok?
I managed to get one brace off last week, but still have the other one on. My doctor thinks I might have broken or at least cracked a metacarpul bone in my hand under my pinkie and that’s why that finger is numb, especially when I knit.
And I’m just as scared on the dentist’s chair as you are. More so. But I figure if I can knit a simple 4.5mm sock yarn there and it keeps me from screaming bloody murder while he does things, I’ll fix the mistakes later. 😉
I knew there was more than your knitting antics that made me read your blog! My family are big with La Leche League. My Aunt is a big shot at the headquarters in Schaumburg, IL. My oldest breastfed for 18 months, and was supposed to be this sick little preemie! Perfect health! He never went to the Dr. for anything other than a well baby checkup until he was past 2! Go breastfeeding!
LOL – I have a personal rule about video/computer games… I avoid them at all costs! Days, weeks, months of my life lost to Mario, Tetris, & Tycoons. I actually deleted Spider Solitare from my computer in a desperate attempt to get some time back. Oh, but wait, I bet it’s on my new laptop here… Gotta go…
That is amazing yarn! If it is even more impressive “in person” I don’t think I could stand it! It’s just about my absolute favorite color combination…can’t wait to see what amazing things you make with it!
Did you knit a hole in your finger? Cus I do that a lot more often than I like to think about.
THere is a antibacterial superglue made by Johnson&Johnson (at least here in the US, not sure if they have other brands in Canada) that works well on fingercuts, and lets you get back to the knitting.
What an incredibly beautiful shade of yarn from your friend Ted.
Please do show us gorgeous handspun like Ted’s no matter how you get your paws on it.
Sympathy for your dental woes. When I’m in the chair, I shake uncontrollably, involuntarily. It starts behind my knees and in about two minutes, I’m a human earthquake. Drugs don’t help.
The new video game sounds like fun. I say let the kiddies go overboard with it – if it gets them moving then it can’t be bad.
We recently got a PS2 and are figuring out limits. My daughter’s summer limits are 1 hour of TV/computer/PS2 (total) per day. There will be no PS2 during the school week. But if we had that Kinetic game, I think I’d let her play it for 30 minutes a day during the school week, too.
Doggon it. I’m such a sap that the picture of all those hats made me cry. I must need chocolate or something!
We have friends who welcomed a baby into their family in March, a daughter named Catherine. It was such a joy during our trip ‘home’ to Indiana to see Catherine’s Mom nursing her while sitting around at our annual Pagan Campout with friends. It seemed so very fitting, a natural event, taking place in nature. Completely beautiful.
It is important that you remember that time limits on video games exist for more than one reason. Hopefully, video game limitations are accompanied by expectations that other activities will be engaged in as well. Such as chores, social interaction, academic pursuits, etc…
ooops – forgot to say – there is a new Eye Toy Combat game due out very soon. I can’t wait to try it! Tell the girls…
Stephanie, I have been reading your blog for a year, and I am a huge fan of yours. Two things occurred to me when I saw your added tour dates.
1) It would be really nice if one of your tours brought you over here to Britain one day. It seems unfair to me that we should be deprived of your presence just because of geography (but that’s just me being selfish).
2) I don’t know what it’s like in Canada and the US, but in Britain, because of the recent terrorist threat, there are new strict limits on airoplane hand luggage. Passengers can only take one small plastic see-through bag on board, and all they are allowed in it is their wallet, passport, tickets/ boarding pass, medication and baby milk. I ask you – what is a knitter to do??
the other Deb on August 17, 2006 at 7:43 am said:
I have finally learned to knit in the dentist’s chair if I have a dead simple garter stitch thing I’m working on that I can knit without seeing. It’s a great distraction that keeps me from reaching up and strangling the dentist mid-procedure.
Ah, the Sims. Evil. I could spend weeks playing the Many and varied versions of the Sims we own and never get a speck of housework done. Just sit and stare and play. If it were me, I’d allow slightly extended play time for the move-your-butt game so long as chores and homework were done.
“What are we doing tomorrow night, Brain?”
“Same thing we do every night, Pinky: Try to take over the WORLD! But first, hand me that roving.”
First, belated congratulations to Megan, and a wish for a great year at 15.
It’s too bad you live so far away, or I’d take you to visit my dentist. He’s great, and the only dentist I’ve ever known who doesn’t make me panic one way or another.
I too have the dentist chair panic attack syndrome. Though I’ve discovered a few good things that help me, and here they are:
1. Get a good nights sleep. Can’t stress this enough – 8 hours is like a killer bee to a panic attack.
2. Get to the office 15 minutes early. Spend the first 5 of these minutes outside the dentists’ office (a bench is nice), and breathe deeply. Inhale, hold it, and release it slowly. I do this a few times and it helps chill me out.
3. Spend the next 10 minutes inside the dentists’ office, talking to them. Laughing does wonders. I don’t hesitate to tell my dentist I don’t want to be there – and we have a good laugh about it.
4. I can knit in the chair (st st, circular needles – a hat makes a great project), but I actually find it doesn’t help the panic much (and I get this sneaking suspicion that they’re watching me knit and not watching my teeth). Best way to try it though, if you want to, is to knit with your eyes closed.
To knit in the dentist chair, simply bring stocking stitch and work it in the round. A boring sweater body is good for this. If I don’t knit while he’s working on me, my dentist worries that he’s hurt me. (I have a very nice dentist)
I would like to make a suggestion for your wound … use a touch of super glue on it rather than a bandaid. It will hold the wound together but still allow you to knit. Finger tip cuts are so annoyingly painful, but super gluing one shut eases the pain and keeps you going. Just a thought, in case it helps.
Awesome you support and promote it.
As a loyal player of Dance Dance Revolution (which involves – you guessed it – dancing), I would suggest that you limit playtime with the new game to at least 20 or more minutes a day, most days of the week.
(This limit also known as the recommended amount of weekly exercise for American adults.)
Exercising in front of the tube will probably take the place of doing other things (like reading a book or leaving the house), but so will exercising in a gym. Or anywhere, for that matter.
Your shawl is looking very nice.
I have knit and played Sims at the same time. You can get a few stitches in while they’re on the toilet. Meanwhile, that Eye Toy allows decorating your Sim’s house w/ pictures of you! I haven’t tried it yet, but it sounds pretty funny.
The game developers over at The Sims should introduce knitting to the next version – then we could get all our little families knitting away along with us – they’d be less stressed and more happy too if they could knit!
What an eventful post! I suffer deep resentment when I have to sit in the dentist chair. So long to sit, and I can’t even knit? What the heck is that all about?
DO NOT, repeat, DO NOT cast on the lovely handspun laceweight. You have a gansey and a lace shawl already on the needles, which need to be finished within this century. Finish them, first.
That should give me enough time to get to Canada to steal the laceweight.
Oh– you have lovely nails, too.
What is up with that? I went to the dentist for a procedure this week, too, and OY am I a sissy. It takes forever to get me numb, and then when I am numb, my EAR is numb but not my nerve.
I spend half the time trying to convince the dentist and the dental hygenist that I am *not* a sissy, that I had my second child completely naturally without any pain medication whatsoever. While they look at me like I’m nuts.
So, i literally feel your pain.
lauren in chicago on August 17, 2006 at 1:57 pm said:
I have the perfect “I hate the dentist” dentist. He’s very liberal with the nitrous oxide.Also, it doesn’t hurt that he’s a small, round little guy that reminds me of Ziggy. I know I could overpower him if I needed to escape.
I regularly slice my finger right there from holding the yarn the same way all of the time. It seems to coincide with the stiff neck syndrome, and reminds me to take breaks and attend to these things!
I used to not mind the dentist until I had my first crown last year! The pain! the waiting! the drooling! At least my dentist is really handsome, that does help just a wee bit! So sorry for you all kind of pain!
I learned recently that when they give you novacaine, it has adrenaline in it and that causes alot of women especially to have panic attacks, I don’t know where in the procedure you were when you had yours but being prone to panic attacks as a result of the worlds worst menopause I was cautioned against novacaine.
It was so much fun to see the hat I sent sitting on the table, its been over 25 years since I breast fed (hence menopause) but It was a great joy in my life! I hope Ileen liked hers too!
(Also, if you’re concerned about being able to clean your cut, I find that the super glue wears off after about a day or two at the very, very most, because hands are constantly moving, getting washed, and renewing their skin. The glue usually wears of by bedtime, at which point I wash it. I leave it open to the air overnight, and I put more glue on it in the morning).
Also, it’s fabulous to see how many hats were sent in to WIC. Yay!
Super glue really does work. My son is a sheet metal worker and you should see the cuts he can get in the run on the day. He super glues them.
As for the dentist chair I tune out so bad the that dentist keeps asking if I am all right, as my hands turn white while gripping the arm rests. They think that I passed out.
Those are perfectly legitimate excuses for not knitting much for awhile.
And you know, I have a friend who almost didn’t finish her Ph.D. because of The Sims. A dangerous game, a dangerous game…
But the game that is also a workout…that’s a tough one to know how to police.
There’s an ad on the radio here for “Sedation Dentistry” I think it might be the thing for you, Steph. And I can vouch for what Grace said about novacaine. A kind dentist (my favorite, I still dream about him, Dr. Ron, but his name is Dr. Omen…is that a bad sign?) once asked me during a lengthy session how I was feeling and I mentioned the jitters and he said it was the novocaine talking.
On a sadder note, I told my college-age daughter, who is afraid of the dentist, about knitting while in the chair to calm her nerves. She said, (brace yourself)”You people are addicts. You need KA, Knitters Anonymous.” And to think I breastfed that kid! AND knit for her! I told her that World Domination Through Wool is the big idea, so she’d better be careful.
I didn’t end up doing the Knitter’s Olympics – but THIS, this I’m signing up for. Whee!
Ah, the hats…THE HATS!! They are AMAZING – Such Knitterly Devotion!! My daughter, who is STILL nursing, would wear one, I’m sure – but that would mean I’d have to make one, and I’m STILL knitting her birthday gift. The one she should’ve gotten for June 23rd.
Oh, right, I was saying something. I’m a Sims addict, and those of us who knit and sim (at the same time, no less) can’t WAIT for them to write the code that will allow the Sims to KNIT.
Wouldn’t that just be the End-all, BE all for us Simmers? RAH!!!
In passing, it strikes me as amazing that you manage to get any knitting done at all amongst all the rest of the stuff you do: parenting, breast-feeding mentoring, supporting various charities, writing a book a year, maintaining a household, balancing finances, book promotion touring, keeping up with family, supporting friends. Guess it’s amazing that anything increases off the needles at all!
My new dentist is a wonderful, gentle man who understands “dental anxiety”. I was getting a filling (for the first time, from him) and he walked into the room. I had been shaking the whole ride over. He asked if I would like something to alleviate the anxiety, and I answered with an emphatic and desperate “YES!”
He rubbed something onto my gums and a few minutes later, I was feeling wonderful and calm. After the appointment, he gave me a prescription for Valium- to take 1/2 hour before my appoinments. It has worked wonders, and I can walk to the LYS (less than a half block away) until the Valium wears off enough to drive home.
The Valium works better for me than the breathing did (in for four, out for six).
Little cuts on the finger sure slow you down, but you need better bandages too.
Oh my a-gah!! I can’t believe your friend spindle spun that GORGEOUS yarn. Well, at least I have something for which to strive (I’ve been improving my spindle spinning in the past month).
Yeah breastfeeding! That was great and I have to say I think lactation consultations are fabulous! I breast fed both my children, one for 15 months and the other 12 months and if it weren’t for my lactation consultant I might have given up much earlier! It is all about support and education!

Are you looking for a revolutionary a workout and testosterone booster supplement that has filled the eyes of the world’s population? Would you like to have more energy and better performance during workouts, in addition to achieve more efficient muscle recovery? We have certainly found it, and this product has the name: Testo Ultra.
It is for all those who train, try to give their best and seek to overcome every workout. And that’s what makes them work. However, knowing that there are human limitations, no matter how much an individual does the most in training, he or she feels overly tired or thinking that their workouts could be better. However, in order for us to overcome these limits we need “outside” help and this support is Testo Ultra.
Among so many supplements options to gain muscle mass; naturally it stands out more than the others. This is known to be a true muscular “explosive”, helping those who consume it to have a strong and defined body. When coupled with an intense exercise routine, it is very effective in building muscles. But there are always those doubts about supplements, such as their composition, when to take them and side effects. Although we always recommend consulting with a health or fitness professional before starting to consume a supplement, here is some information you should know about Testo Ultra.
Supplementation companies launch a number of new products on the market every year for people who are looking for better muscle mass gains and benefits to improve performance during physical activity. It is important, however, to always seek products from companies that have credibility and invest in technology and also in quality raw materials for the manufacture of supplements, thus guaranteeing the consumer more effective results.
It includes substances that can be produced by the body and can also be found in several foods, such as citrus fruits and some fish. However, its supplementation is important and will promote greater results for those who do physical activity regularly and with high intensity.
Once you know all the substances that make up Testo Ultra, you should already expect a long list of benefits from this supplement. To begin with, we have its main benefit: increasing muscle strength and testosterone production. With this greater strength and muscular endurance, the performance of more intense and demanding exercises of your body will be highly facilitated. In addition, we have increased muscle mass, contributing to the progressive growth of your body, leaving you stronger in appearance as well.
People who want to gain muscle, have greater definition or who seek more energy to perform physical activity are always in search of supplements and other products that can optimize and improve their results more and more. Testo Ultra has the capacity to stimulate the muscle mass, because it promotes the increase of a process called anabolism that is characterized by the way the body builds muscular mass.
Increased protein synthesis: In a study with controlled groups, individuals who received Testo Ultra supplement had a greater increase in muscle mass compared to groups that did not receive supplementation (mean total gain of 1.21 kg after 3 weeks). Some research has also shown that it has the ability to regulate the metabolism of proteins, having an effect on the cellular receptors of cortisol, testosterone and growth hormone, thus promoting greater muscle mass gain;
No side effect: It consists of one or more actions performed with the aim of mitigating or avoiding side effects caused by a cycle of anabolic substances, through changes and drug-based regimens, which accelerate and make effective effects that perhaps could not even manifest in a natural way.
For those who are in the gym following a series of training sessions every day and still have not reached the dreamed muscles, the Testo Ultra is a good supplement to finally reach this goal. It is a supplemental product that assists in promoting the muscular reconstruction of the human body.
To understand better, it is nothing more than in fact amino supplement. Our body does not naturally produce enough amino nutrients, so many athletes and fans of physical training choose to consume this product on a daily basis, combining it with their routine workouts.
During the sleep period, the body performs the recovery of muscle fibers, maximizing this process and using a greater amount of nutrients at the moment of rest, being also fundamental for adequate hormonal production.
It is formulated with a great combination of ingredients that help in physical and mental recovery, stimulating the increase of the deep sleep period. Testo Ultra stimulates nerve impulses. In addition, it has effects on reducing body fat and muscle development, as it stimulates the production of the hormones involved in this process.
It contains L-Taurine that promotes the strengthening of the immune system, act by avoiding the catabolism process, stimulating recovery and repair of muscle fibers. In addition, it also helps increase energy during high intensity workouts, greatly improving performance during strength exercises.
The recommendation for the use of this supplement is 1 capsule with 180 mL of water or your preferred beverage, and the consistency may be adjusted from 30 to 40 minutes before to sleep. Only change the dosage of the product with the guidance of a healthcare professional, because this way, you will have the security of keeping your metabolism up to date!
If you’re looking for add-ons, you need to check out the offers available on the official website! Currently the best place to find this supplement is its official page, if you want the security and extremely affordable prices!

So that would mean both Android 4.4 and Windows 8.1 are pre-loaded in the device, but I wonder how this could be possible with the 16GB internal storage version. Finally, as said previously with other Intel Bay Trail devices, Ubuntu / Linux distributions may not be fully supported.
I got confirmation on DX that it comes pre-loaded with Windows 8.1, and you can just switch to Android from the desktop.
They’ve already increased the price 🙁
I’ll have one of these sticks in my hand sometime around beginning to mid December.
They are probably using WIMBoot in order to keep the size of the Windows install down.
They specified that you have to pay for an activation code for Windows 8.1
“if you want to use the legal copy yes”
[…] Bing was a free (as in beer) version of Windows for low cost devices, but I’ve been told the MeegoPad T01 that boots Android and Windows, requires an extra $25 to pay for the license to activate Windows […]
I installed Asphalt 8 – took up most of the free disk, but I was able to play fine.
The only problem I have experienced so far is that the TV I am using as a monitor sometimes fails to sync? – giving flicker in the video (no, this is not an old CRT TV). Power cycling the TV has fixed this both times it happened, so probably the fault of my TV.
First impression – this is great – I’m just using it like a computer – performance is fine – display is clean and crisp. Next step is to find an SD card and install more software.
I got my t01 two days ago. I’ve made some progress with remastering the ubuntu 14.04 livecd maybe next week I’ll be able to release a test iso that will be able to boot AND install the 32-bit efi through the standard ubiquity installer.
So you have to provide your own Win 8 license?? Or could you skip that and keep using it somehow?
Seems silly to me that they are essentially giving you a device with a ransom on it…
I don’t have such device, but my PC autostarts when I connect the power.
This is how I set it up: http://www.cnx-software.com/2013/04/05/how-to-autostart-a-pc-automatically-when-connecting-it-to-the-mains-power/
A method has been found for auto power on http://www.freaktab.com/showthread.php?23577-GUIDE-Enable-MeeGoPad-Auto-Power-On&p=286777
You can get 5% off with the code “3MiniPC5” at DX.com

Books, Business and Money, Crafts, Hobbies and Home, Entrepreneurship, Gardening and Landscape Design, Marijuana Cultivation, Marketing, Small Business and Entrepreneurship, Subjects
Books, Business and Money, Crafts, Hobbies and Home, Entrepreneurship, Gardening and Landscape Design, Industries, Marijuana Cultivation, Small Business and Entrepreneurship, Subjects

As many of you may (or may not) know, I am a big DIY’er and like to tackle most small and even large projects on my own to save money. That coupled with a good solid knowledge of computers about a year ago I started working on updating our 1980’s house to include smart home features.
So know you know some of the back story, that home automation stuff was really cool; controlling blinds to open and close at specific times of the day, geofencing your devices so that when you pull into the driveway, a welcome home scene initiates (doors unlock, living room lights turn on, and even the oven turns itself to on or off), and I had the bug to get those things installed for my family.
Fast forwarding to 2016, I started reading about what was available for my house that not only was budget friendly, but quick to install and most of all easy to use for the rest of the family. In comes the Wink hub and the GE Link bulbs.
These were a nice addition because you can control and dim the lights attached and it actually added another outlet to the two outlet component it was plugged into.
The grass is a bit greener on this side of the fence now with Vera Plus…
The Vera Plus is about the size of a small Netgear router, I’d say 6 inches wide by 10 inches long by 3 inches tall. It sits nicely on top of my D7000 Modem/Router and is fairly inconspicuous. It responds very quickly (almost instantly) to commands and once I got the gist of setting up scenes I had a welcome home light scene programmed as well as a daily lighting routine programmed and running in about 5 min.
I will go over how I created scenes and how I installed the devices with the Vera Hue app in more detail in a separate post.
I wlll be updating this as we add, edit, and delete components from our smart home system(s) and I’m looking forward to more adventures in home automation.

The object of the game is to score as many points as possible by rolling a ball the size of a basketball over the opponent's goal line using a bowling motion. The other team must block the ball from passing into their goal. The goalball weighs three pounds and has bells inside so the blindfolded players can hear the ball coming.
When the players hear the ball coming towards them they will dive, usually head-first, into a stopping formation hoping to block it with their bodies. If the ball crosses the back line, it is considered a goal.

Medications can often be very important aspects of the recommended therapy for individuals dealing with narcolepsy and other sleep issues. The overall objective of the treatment is finding the ideal drug that offers the best health benefits with minimal side effects. Some of the mainstream medications used for treating this health issue are modafinil, amphetamines, […]
Coffee is a popular drink today not only for its taste and caffeine, but also for the antioxidants it provides. There are also other great health benefits to drinking coffee. People look for healthy coffee recipes in order to boost the maximum health benefits they’re receiving. However, some people make common mistakes when doing this […]
What is a subtle food myth? Well, if you turn to Google you probably won’t find much. It’s not exactly an official term. But it’s a description I’m using for perceptions that take hold over time. For instance, you might think of the idea that spinach gives you big muscles. It’s not just something we […]
Before pumping iron and running the treadmill, drink a hot cup of Joe! Coffee is a natural stimulant that can help you push harder to reap more workout benefits. Here are some of its other benefits and a few other things you might not have known: Coffee Boosts Your Mood You know that you feel good after exercise, […]
We all know by now that how and what you eat can have a big impact on not just your overall health, but on your skin as well. The Internet is brimming with guides on what to, and what not to eat, to help your skin look its healthiest best. However, one aspect of diet […]
This Is What I've Been Doing the Last Year of My Life (and Why You Should Care) - The Healthy Eating Guide
Why Deliberate Practice Is the Key to a Healthier Life

At Royal Dumpster, we strive to bring you the best service at the best price available. We have a wide selection of dumpster sizes in stock in New Caney, TX, with flexible & timley pickup and delivery. Give us a call today for all your dumpster rental and roll off needs.
Sometimes home and business owners favor cheap dumpster rentals rather than purchasing one. These is a big investment decision and you should simply go ahead from it if it is absolutely necessary. For example, a hospital generates plenty of disposable items that needs to end up being stored until eventually it is moved away. This is how buying a dumpster is a much better selection. However, for a home owner affordable 20 Yard Dumpster Rentals in New Caney, TXs is a great option to take into account.
After providing you with a great on-site quote, a junk services should be ready to take your rubbish away at that moment and everywhere you look on your real estate asset. A good rubbish removal organization will timetable their work opportunities so they can take your unwanted solutions immediately after giving an estimate, as opposed to on a distinct occasion. Delivering the convenience of obtaining the job carried out on the spot.
Your den is your haven and you could do a lots of work in right now there. Once in awhile you could wish you had space for a comfortable oversized synthetic leather couch. If you decide to renovate your living room, than this can be accomplished so that you are satisfied with your living room.
After you own your personal business you must think of things which many people do not. While a reduced business can get by by incorporating trash beers, if you possess a larger small business or just the one that goes through many garbage like a restaurant you very well may have to buy something somewhat larger.
Before selecting which dumpster organization to rent via, make sure you discover how many days or maybe weeks chances are you'll keep the dumpster in your parent's property. You want to make sure you have enough time for the job.
Finally, an individual will be finished while using rented dumpster, a telephone call to the rental organization for a pick-up is necessary. All firms have diverse rental periods, and knowing the number of days allowed to get a rental is vital to know prior to a payment.
Renting a new dumpster makes a home remodeling project far less difficult and more quickly and it doesn't need to cost you lots of money. There are little differences between markets and so ask a new waste administration professional along with specific questions you might have relating to your project previous to deciding on the 20 Yard Dumpster Rentals in New Caney, TX business that's right for you.

James Baldwin, a famous author noted for his works on personal identity and civil rights, states, “Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.”
If you ask people what the first important influence in their lives was or where it came from, the majority will point to their parents. As a rule, home is where we first experience the shadow concept. Most parents learn quickly that encouraging their children to “Do as I say, not as I do,” just doesn’t work!
It’s one thing to consciously influence others, but it’s another to realize that we influence others by how we behave toward patients, family members and fellow employees, in every moment, whether consciously or not. Our core value of Integrity invites us to be the best person we can be in each moment. One example of portraying a shadow is using our error prevention techniques such as Check & Coach.

in this tutorial, just some basic blocks / modules of a monophonic synthesizer are connected, so we can hear some sound.
when you load an empty Modular patch, you will see four modules that cannot be removed:
in this patch, seven more modules are used:

These cards are virtually all unsigned - and appear to include different artists, but some are definitely by "F S." In most cases there appears to be only one card per number, with a few sets of six consecutive cards. but in some places cards from different sets seem to appear in random order.
Many of the cards have "Printed in Germany" on the left margin, and on some the number is followed by a "B" - in both cases cards are known with and without these additions.
Background Grey Card (or obvious set) can be related to a different but relevant back. There will be a link to further information.
Background White Where appropriate I add a comment or link as to why the card could be relevant to "F S" (or is definitely not by him).
"Conductor, I want to get off at Piccadilly."
"Lor, Mum, you couldn't get off there if you tried all night. The Elephant and Castle's more in your line
If you see this tonight It's Me
Don't Worry Miss - Limbs ain't no threat to me!
"Mother said you're a fine bouncing baby so I'm going to see
A sailor's life at sea is a very wet one - but he always comes ashore because he is so very dry
120 The Doctor ordered me away for a change
Love - When a man is in love ...
426 Going away for a little sun and air!
430 Advice to men in love - Don't marry a girl for her face alone
Mary Jane in the hands of the law
Never do behind one's back what you wouldn't do in front of one's face.[PC. I] Printed in Germany
456 If you break the engagement off don't expect the girl to return all the presents!
England expects that every man this day will do his duty!
You can't tell a man by his cloths, unless he is wearing a kilt.
466 Do you want a bed-warmer Sir?
477 PC: Here what are you doing ...
Won't you come and listen to our sermon on the prodigal son ...
"All ri. I'll have five bob each way!"
Oh Eve, What is it and where did you get it from

Find the Best Sports Betting Sites for New Zealand
Most punters will be aware of the strict legislation that has been placing on the betting industry in New Zealand. All betting outlets, on and offline, are administered by the Department of Internal Affairs and the New Zealand Racing Board, and thus options are limited.
While there are over 600 TAB outlets across the country, most punters prefer to place wagers from the comfort of their home and enjoy online sports betting sites. However, there is only one authorized online sportsbook in the country, which can be limiting; so many Kiwi punters are using offshore sportsbooks.
Fortunately for punters in New Zealand, at this point there is no legislature preventing them from doing so, and there is no fine or penalty imposed.
A simple search for sports betting sites will yield a massive array of options to choose from. However, not all sports betting sites are created equal, and as such there are a few things that punters should look out for when making a decision.
The world of online sports betting is extremely competitive, therefore many sports betting sites offer sign up or welcome bonuses to first time users. Claiming these rewards is simple and all a punter has to do is create an account and make their first deposit. Most online sportsbooks will match this initial deposit, effectively doubling the amount, up to a certain limit.
Customer service and assistance is an often overlooked part of sports betting sites, however punters will want someone to get back to them in a timeous manner if they have any questions or problems. Look out for sites that offer a live 24/7 chat service, or at the very least a 24/7 telephone help desk and email queries.

Memorial Day is a day of remembering freedom comes at a cost, and those who have paid that price, we can never repay and are forever indebted. It's also a weekend of cookouts and conversations. If you want to talk hockey with me, I will oblige but you better know what your talking about or I lose interest quickly.
Anyway, I got into an semi-argument about why hockey will never take in America by a semi-drunk guy. He had obviously put some thought into his list of 5 reasons why ice hockey sucks and a waste of broadcast time. So I listened, just to see what he would say. I didn't respond to his reasons, just nodded my head as he spewed his ideas along with some bits of corn and BBQ ribs.
1. "Hockey is too complicated a sport for Americans to understand it. Have you seen the rule book, and what the hell is icing?"
I had to post, and see if there might be some consensus on his comments. Do Americans really think hockey will die a slow death in the States?
Good thing the Bears get home ice advantage, but will have to face a tough 3 game stretch in the middle of the series on the road. Caps fans can only hope that this translates to wins at the Verizon Center.
The Hershey Bears are looking for a repeat. They have already won the Eastern Conference title for a second year in a row, why not make the Calder Cup a repeat too.
I didn't come close this year on picking a winner. I really thought Buffalo had a shot this year, but who would have guessed a hit on Chris Drury midway through the season would leave the Sabres gun shy. As far as Anaheim was concerned, I really thought that their goaltending was an issue. Instead, it's been a large plus when it was needed.
I predict that the Ottawa Senators will lift the Cup and bring it back to Canada in 6 games.
Wash Post has good coverage of course, and other questions that were just dying to be asked were here.
The many bloggers have coverage of this day, which seems to be a start of a bright future for the Caps. The same could have been said when signing Alex Ovechkin too. Truthfully, I think that Caps fans may be more interested in what the new jerseys look like, than Backstrom's deal.
I did like the simple black tie and suit look (very MIB), although it looked like a kid's suit that Nick has had for a while. I am sure when he cashes his signing bonus check he will get clothes that fit better (OMG, did i just talk about Backstrom's fashion sense! When did I turn into a 17 year old girl? I better text this to my BFF Jill.).
In the mean time it is good to see the Caps finally getting some help.
Ovie finished with just one goal and two assists. He was a +1, and assessed 29 PIM. Not his best work. He might have been a little shaken up though after a shocking hit on a Swiss player after stepping out of the penalty box. The player hit left the game with a concussion.
The Americans gave a much better performance than in the Olympics in Turin. But their medal hopes were dashed after a shoot out loss against Finland. The Finns went on to beat Russia and lose to Canada in the gold medal game.
I didn't see a whole lot of Jurcina, but I heard he had quite the tournament. He had a goal and an assist and was a +6. He played well against some top lines and always seemed ready to help produce.
So he is not a Capital yet. And I am not going to count my chickens before they hatch. Backstrom's father promised his boy would be in a Capitals' uniform next season, but other sources say he may stay in Sweden for another year.
All in all it was a pretty good tournament, Canada can breath a collective sigh of relief now that the gold is in their pocket and USA Hockey looks pretty good considering they went with a younger squad. Maybe one of these days they will broadcast the Championships next time here, but don't hold your breath.
By the way, we could be looking at the opening lineup for the '07-'08 season.
Just how soon remains to be seen. Capitals fans are turning impatient, the club is losing money and the owner is looking for change not just in jersey color. The Caps could lose a few develop players to trades if they decide the free agent route isn't working. But there has to be a point where the Caps stop trading talent and look towards the future.
What bothers me more than any of that drama is Alex Ovechkin's play of late. We haven't seen those streaks of brilliance we witness in his rookie season. It seems teams have sort of figured Ovie out. And it's just going to get harder.
So while Hershey waits for it's next opponents, Caps' fans wait for a team that can pull it together again, for a season like the one in '98.
This looks familiar, Anaheim and Buffalo both in the Conference Finals for a second year in a row. The two now have the possibility to play in the "what could have been" series from a season ago. But of course the two face some pretty mighty opponents before that ship has sailed.
The Sabres have sort of plodded along this post season. At the beginning of the year they seemed unstoppable. They were run and gun. They enjoyed a speedy game and loved the open ice. The Senators on the other hand were picked apart by free agency over the summer. The looked less like a team that could go to the playoffs, let alone the Eastern Conference Finals. These two have attacked the post season in some pretty different ways. But the result has been the same.
How's that for a shocker. Anaheim, in my opinion, has face two relative easy teams in the post season. They have yet to face a worthy challenge. The Red Wings will be ready to take them on and test them out. It's a question of who is more battle ready. The Sabres will make their series interesting, maybe dropping a couple key games. But Lindy will be there to set the boys straight. Only one round away from crowning a champ.
Okay, Detroit is serious. And while the NHL might be disappointed that the Broadway Blue Shirts are out of the playoffs, they have to be excited that Detroit is still there. I am a bit disappointed though than none of this round's series made it to seven games. It seemed that teams that had the opportunity to put their opponent away, they did so.
Roberto Loungo, who now has a job in net for Vancouver for years to come. Still a myster or not if there will be a team good enough in front of him to win in the playoffs.
Anaheim Camera operators, are you kidding me? It's like sitting through a 5 year old's attempt at finding where's waldo. I was suffering from dementia after watching a game in Anaheim. The worst camera work since NYPD Blue.
Sean Avery's comments before the Buffalo series, don't say it unless you mean it, and don't say unless your team is good enough to win. Avery, a Messier you are not.
Ottawa's chemistry seems to be reaching a peak at the right time while Anaheim is just overpowering opponents. Could winning early be a bad thing for either one of these teams?
I guess the question could be who was the more pathetic loser, Vancouver or New Jersey?
In both series, only one game was decided by more than two goals. The rest were one goal games.
I broke my internet. So posting will be harder for me to do for the next week or so until they fix it. It kind of a bummer to not be able to check email, post on here, or find out what the heck is going on in Moscow.
Last I heard, Team USA couldn't get past the Czechs, losing 4-3 after a late rally. Details are here.
Canadian Parliament is at it again. What's the issue? Taxes? Healthcare? Turning water into wine? No. The number one problem on Canadian minds is whether or not Shane Doan should have a "C" on his chest at the IIHF World Championship. This is why no one likes the French Canadians very much.
"It's not a government decision," said Secretary of State for Sport Helena Guergis to repeated questions in the House of Commons.
"I cannot understand why the government wouldn't put out a single comment to say that this is disrespectful to French Canadians," [Gilles] Duceppe said.

The preparation of the conservation works on the disused Sigean saltworks is the main objective of this action.
The AMV will perform additional bathymetric investigations to establish the optimal locations for between three and five nesting islands, to define their typology and to plan their construction phase. They will also advise on the different options regarding the hydraulic system.
At the same time, where necessary, all of the required permissions will be obtained from the relevant authorities: a number of protected species and habitats are found onsite, therefore, studies must be undertaken to foresee any environmental impacts that these works may have. This LIFE project will be incorporated into the global management plan of the Sigean saltworks and will constitute an integral part of the running of the site. LIFE is financially responsible only for the nesting islands and the hydraulic reports.
This preliminary phase will be conducted during the first two years of the Life+ ENVOLL project.
Site reports and management strategies have been finalised. The typology and placement of the nesting sites have been defined.
Work permits have been obtained from the relevant authorities

#truth my last relationship nearly killed me.
When it's your first born child . What then . In anguish .
Checked off my to do list 10 weeks ago! Yay me!
How do you convince someone else to let someone toxic go 😩
I just did this .. 3rd month free and happy
Or your heart dropping into your stomach, which creates a pit. Deep breathes and loud music help you to ease back into the flow.
This is powerful and thought provoking. Thank you!

Technically the water surface is the worst place for those interested in propulsion efficiency. No animals use the surface to get away - they dive or they fly. And submarines are the most efficient displacement ships in term of fuel efficiency.
Another happy owner of a Black Pearl. I am curious to see in what ways it will influence my paddling.
Anyway, not being a builder I tried and have a very serviceable boat that I am very happy with. Sorry if it doesn’t look like what you designed to your eyes.
I finally finished building the Hunter and paddled her on her maiden voyage yesterday.
What a fine looking AND handling kayak you've designed!! And fast, fast, fast...........
On a number of occasions lately – mails, phone calls, launching reports, discussion fora – the problems with pitching kayaks have popped up. Those ponderings appear frequently and the answers are the same. Yes kayaks, as all other ships and boats, do pitch in a short head sea – more or less so depending on hull form, speed, volume and weight distribution – but all pitch in conditions not suited their configuration.
Nice work Per – we look forward to launching!
What a luck that the sea offers other possibilities than land. Otherwise it might have ended like this …
A couple of months ago there was a discussion (in swedish) following a news posting, about old tools, that are so good that the manufacturing industri haven´t been able to improve upon the concept (only enhance a single quality at the cost of others) – with the humble pencil as a good example. Another is the bike.
This is a posting about the Swedish weather service, SMHI, and their new and improved web site.
The kayak is launched, in the local river! Here are a couple of pics from the first tour. Still missing a few coats of varnish and some hardware. The project have exceeded expactations, and the next, if there is one, will be even better?!
There are also a bunch of new pics on Dan´s site...
Crazy? Maybe, but there is a very solid and healthy plan behind - apart from living in harmony with and being part of the nature, about showing how appropriate and reliable these natural materials and methods really are - in a time where the rest of us have become totally dependant on nature-alien high-tech petroleum based products for just about every aspect of outdoor life.
Lars have a site with a lot of info on the project. Don´t forget to download the film trailer!
Due to the similarities with the last “White” Black Pearl there will be a few less updates this time.
How about a kajak tour in the Loch Ness - now when Nessie just in time for the tourist season have been up for a breath of air…

We offer 3 hour local wedding packages, local means you are within 30 minutes of our garage in Walpole, MA.
We do long distance packages, ex) Newport, Rhode Island, Cape Cod, NH, Maine, Vermont, these packages offer the same 3 hours but we add travel time which can make these packages 5, 6, 7 hours long to include travel time, which is part of total hours paid for.
We offer 1 hour after reception transfers within 30 minutes from our garage in Walpole, MA.
We do offer our antique cars for special occasions such as proms, anniversaries, save the date, photo shoots, commercial and film use.
Quotes will be given upon request.
This Buick has a 6 person capacity, which includes chauffeur, we recommend 2 in far back seat, 2 in jump seats and one up front with chauffeur, this is our largest antique car and is very roomy.
This was a very popular antique wedding Packard in 1980’s -1990’s , we recently acquired this Packard from California and brought it back “home” and did a no expense spared ,complete restoration that is stunning

to maintain adequate control over persons having access to the fi rm User IDs.
How soon will Saudi Arabia join the nuclear club? You might be surprised with our investigation. How will this change the world energy picture? Water desalination will be the driving force behind Saudi entry into nuclear energy.
Saudi Arabia, Middle East, electricity, nuclear energy, energy, Russia, France, Pakistan, uranium, nuclear power
While a growing number of countries have announced their civilian nuclear energy ambitions over the past twelve months, no other country is likely to have more of a psychological impact on the nuclear energy picture than Saudi Arabia. We believe the Kingdom natural gas and water problems will lead them to nuclear, sooner rather than later, probably as early as this year.
Of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 24 million subjects, more than 40 percent are under 18 years of age. While still manageable, the country infrastructure is not prepared to deal with its explosive population growth. The two biggest problems facing Saudi Arabia are potential water and electricity shortages. True, its super oilfields may also have peaked in production and might move into tertiary recovery, but that is unknown. An Islamic revolution, similar to what Iran suffered in the 1970s is probably foremost in the King mind. Civil unrest might come about should his subjects suffer from insufficient electricity and inadequate water supplies. One need only look at the widespread electricity shortages Syria experienced in the 1980s and early 1990s.
As reported in the October 14, 2004 issue of Arab Oil and Gas, the Saudis lag well behind Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates in per capita energy consumption. The rate of natural gas consumption, which produces Saudi electricity, increased less than Egypt and Syria. Total energy consumption dropped by 3.5 percent in 1999 and 2000.
According to the World Nuclear Association website, “Small and medium sized nuclear reactors are suitable for desalination, often with cogeneration of electricity using low-pressure steam from the turbine and hot sea water feed from the final cooling system. The main opportunities for nuclear plants have been identified as the 80-100,000 m3/day and 200-500,000 m3/day ranges.?
There are several ways in which one can participate in online stock trading. One can use an online broker, or do it himself.
There are two types of online brokers: discount and full-service. The former are licensed individuals who have direct access to the share market. They neither give you advice nor research the best options. They just order the stocks you want at a discounted price. They earn no commission but make money by selling mass amounts of stock.
In comparison, a full-service broker offers many more stocks. They act as your personal agent in all share-related activities, such as advice in buying shares, creating a safe investment portfolio, and offering investment advice. Commissions being their main source of revenue, they work hard to satisfy you. So they do a lot of research on the best stocks and investments for you, and hope you will stay with them.
Investing in penny stocks is all about defining the rules and playing by them as all of the big time investors have before you.
Big time stock traders and investors have played by the rules and started out small, or even very small, swearing by a defined set of rules that basically state they will not continue any cycle of failing that loses them money, over and over.
Losing money instead of learning these rules is something that is unacceptable and potentially crippling to a new investor – even though your brain is trying to tell you that “Heck, it doesn’t matter, they’re only Penny Stocks after all!” (Damn you brain!!)
However, follow a few simple rules and you should be ahead of the penny stock investing game.
Number One and MOST important – Never, ever, under any circumstance borrow money to invest; this is possibly the biggest rule to stay out of investment trouble.
Yes, I know! You think you have the upper hand with some “inside?information that could help you build a huge portfolio in no time!
So have thousands of others before you – and they were all WRONG!
Please, don’t jump on a story with the only answer being borrowing money. If you start to lose money on the stock market, then the debt repayment will come directly out of your pocket. If this happens, trust me – you are now in big trouble.
Always save up to be able to invest as a rule of thumb, debt will be chased until you finally catch up by being farther behind than you were to begin with.
Investing in profitable companies is a big rule to keep in mind when investing in penny stocks. I know that reads and sounds awfully silly and a waste of breath but believe me – sometimes people simply invest in a company without determining if the company is profitable or not.
Don’t be the sucker that buys a stock and then tunes in to the television or logs on to the internet to see that its quarterly earnings are down and its revenue per share is dropping like a four-ton boulder of the Empire State building – very hard and very fast!).
Find information on how to find a profitable company, it is readily available on the internet, and then determine which company to invest in. Guides for how to evaluate companies, their accounts declarations and markets are readily available.
One of the most important things for investors to look at is volume, anything less than one million shares per day is not worth touching. It is a pointless task to purchase a stock that is trading 9,000 shares a day because it will be nearly impossible to sell once you are ready to do so.
Oh – and in case you forget! DON’T BORROW MONEY FOR INVESTING!!
While they only recovered about $3600 worth of uranium, roughly 600 pounds, Snow was impressed. He later wrote an inter-office memorandum in July 1959, with the subject header: ecovery of Uranium from Low Grade Mineralization using a leach in place process.? In his conclusion, Snow recommended, “From the preliminary information available, it appears that it will be possible to treat very low grade mineralization for recovery of uranium at a large net profit.?He explained the process to his bosses, encouraging them to consider this as an option:

so there's a quick update, so sorry it had to be such a sad one! other than that, izzy's doing just fine, just in need of a good washing.

This post was published by Q on July 6, 2013 at 12:07 pm Posted in How-to. Tagged with games, online-games, team games.

In this article, I'll describe a Trie class created in C# and make some comparisons with different data structures provided by the .NET framework. I'll also demonstrate why this data structure can prove to be a necessary and positive alternative when efficiency is required.
Its main goal is to provide an efficient manner to search, insert and delete a string (textual representation as we know it in C#).
Each node can have up to n children, being n the number of characters in the alphabet to which all strings (texts) belong. In the ordinary case the alphabet would be the same we have always known (a, b, c, d, ... z).
Each string inserted in the Trie and all of its prefixes can be found by following a path from the root node to some other node.
The end of a string is marked by the presence of some child node with value '$'. The character '$' is assumed to not be part of the alphabet.
For two given strings x, y the common prefix of x and y is stored only once, therefore it reduces the spatial cost of the Trie.
The operations of search, insertion and deletion for a given string s can be made in O(m) where m is the length of s.
Even though the preprocessing stage (insertion) could not be as efficient as it is in other data structures, it pays off in situations where you frequently need to search text patterns and the insertion/deletion operations are not frequent.
It's easy to implement and understand.
How would a classical data structure, like the list, store the previous set? Figure 2 shows a list, which stores every element in a separate slot without relating in any way the elements contained in separate slots thus a common prefix for several strings is stored for each of these strings which implies a higher spatial cost compared to the trie.
So, why would you want to develop a trie in .NET with all the optimized data structures available in the platform?
To make the comparison reliable, we'll use a StopWatch to measure the time in ticks (1 tick = 100 nanoseconds) taken by each data structure to find some text pattern. We'll also use a 58,604-word dataset to insert and later search patterns.
The results of the first comparison (List vs. Trie) is shown in Figure 5.
Now let's compare SortedList (see Figure 6) and the HashSet<T> (see Figure 7) In the first case, we present results when the set S was added as keys of the collection, which represents the most efficient alternative.
As you can see, SortedList executes a fast search. The only problem with this approach (adding texts as keys) is that you cannot have duplicated texts in the database.
Hopefully, after having made all the prior comparisons many of the readers will have cleared any doubts regarding the trie and will consider adding it to their arsenal of Collections. The .NET platform doesn't include a similar data structure but you can easily include it by reviewing the trie Class code illustrated in this article.

The 21-year-old opted to reject Barcelona's offer to play for their second team in favour of first team minutes in the Netherlands.
"There was an offer on the table, but you have to think about the conditions.
"I had just won the Libertadores and had to go to Barcelona's second team.
"Although I was sure that I would finish up in the first team, because I have a lot of confidence in me and my ability to achieve important things, I played 50 games at Ajax and [that was] what I needed."
"The first person I spoke with was Pochettino and I had the chance to go to Italy, but Mauricio convinced me," he added.
"He was a central defender and I feel I can trust him, as what he wants from me seems very reasonable.
He said: "Pochettino told us that we should be aggressive and that in order to play a good game at the Bernabeu we should have confidence in us.
"[Ronaldo] can shoot well with both legs, but not as he used to do before, so you have to move him away from the area, in an awkward position."

Spacious living and dining area with banquet table for 6
Refrigerator, toaster, coffee maker and microwave

If you're a staff member or student seeking to get an announcement published on the WA Website etc, please visit the Webleaders page for pointers as to who you can turn to.
content should be given in English or be bilingual, in most cases. One exception are events or other information intended for Polish-speaking audiences only.
Are you looking for help with e-mail? Visit: http://wa.amu.edu.pl/wa/mail .
Are you looking for help with Office365? Visit: http://wa.amu.edu.pl/wa/AMU_Office365.
Some other technical tips and tutorials are also given (in Polish) on the WA Computer Centre's home page: http://wa.amu.edu.pl/it.

From This Side of the Pond: Party like it's 1976!
Hi, Its my first time here and I decided to participate as I was posting my 350th blogpost and this has always interested me. So the first day I participated is 03 Dec 2014. p.s I was born in 76 so lets PAAAAAARTYYYYY!
What do you notice about birth order traits in your own children or among you and your siblings? or in a family of people you know. (might want to be careful with that one). ;-)
I just re-read this post. Sorry for my typos!
PS: Joyce I love your phrase "leaning in the meaning of the season"… I may use it f you don't mind! ( :
Daughter asked when I was going to go shopping for my dress (mother -of-the -bride) my response-Definitely after Christmas--then I will still have some months to work off the calories.
I always told daughters and now I tell my students-"If you can't say something nice, then don;t say anything at all." A smile and kind word cost nothing but is worth so much to someone who is really
When is your daughter getting married? I"m a Mother of the Bride on April 25th - and I still need to dress shop too.
The give away idea you came up with, to celebrate 200 editions, is absolutely perfect, too! Thanks again, for all you do!
Oh, what fun! I've been Hodgepodging since the beginning and have loved every single week of it. Celebrating with you today and wishing you a happy mid-week!
Thanks for a great giveaway and for hosting the Hodgepodge! It's been a while since I've been here but feels good to be back. My first Hodgepodge was May 18, 2011.
I'm not sure if you've had this question before or not, but here it goes....What were you doing on December 31, 1999? What, if any, preparations did you make for Y2K?
I've not joined in the Wednesday Hodge Podge, cuz I forget about it before I have already written something to post on Wednesday....so I'll make a note to check in for the questions and try to link in! 200 is a lot.
Now, one question I'd like to submit for Hodgepodge...If you had a magic wand, what is one thing you would change about yourself and why?
I posted the first time on November 10, 2010. http://nanato4ts.blogspot.com/2010/11/wednesday-hodgepodge-charter-post.html
I love what you do, week in and week out, with the Hodgepodge. And the Hodgepodge makes my Wednesdays complete (even though I haven't been able to post every single week you've done a Hodgepodge).
retired not tired December 3, 2014 at 9:00 AM
Thank you so much for hosting Hodgepodge each week. It really is something I look forward to doing. My oldest daughter loves reading my answers and if I am running late posting will text me and say, "Where is your Hodgepodge?"
A question ... Did you watch cartoons when you were a child? If so, which one was your favorite? If not, why not? Do your kids and/or grandkids watch cartoons now? What is their favorite?
Wow! The first time I participated in a Wednesday Hodgepodge was on April 27, 2011. I love the Hodgepodge because I have met some very nice friends through this community. I am continually encouraged and I really love knowing that I am not alone on this crazy walk called life. I agree with your sentiments about this being a cozy place and the perfect coffee break. Thanks so much for hosting this every week and allowing a place for all of us to feel at home.
Not sure if my first comment went through :( I am on Mark's computer and after I typed it they had me sign into my account! Enjoyed your questions this week and the earth is a very sad place these days. I haven't been in the spirit but will definitely get my house done by December 24th!!! I will try to think of a question.......
Question: If you were only allowed to keep one nic nac from your house what would it be?
Here is my question: Favorite Christmas (holiday of any kind) memory...why? where was it? I hope this will count as my posts for you. I don't know what is wrong with my work computer.
January 26, 2011 - that was my first Hodgepodge! What fun to go back and read them! Hmm - I'm thinking a book on "The Best of Hodgepodge" may be in the works, eh? I, too, love this little break in the week, a chance to connect with fellow Hodgepodge bloggers who have become friends due to our weekly visits - "Oh look, there's April! There's Zoanna! There's Cranberry Morning! etc" So much fun.
And what a fun giveaway! Here's my Hodgepodge question: When you daydream, what do you daydream about? Be truthful!
This question was asked during a Thanksgiving game our family played, and the answers were fascinating!
Congrats on the 200th! I started playing February 13, 2013! Kinda funny to look back and read what my answers were. :-)
If you could plan a vacation anywhere - all expenses paid - where would you go, what would you see, and why?
Thanks, as always, for sharing the Hodgepodge, Joyce. Yes, I remember the party that was 1976. Bicentennial everything. Thanks for taking me back to those red, white, and blue high school days.
I first participated in the Hodgepodge on March 16, 2011. Top o' the mornin' to you! I am glad you didn't require actual participation in order to be entered, as I am on my third day with sweet 15 month old grandson, Noah, at my house. A busy toddler leaves no time for Hodgepodgin'. Lol.
As for questions, since my daughter is expecting their second child in March (just a week before our youngest son's wedding. Yikes!), maybe a question about the best advice for new parents? Or best advice received from parents or grandparents? Maybe you've done that one…
Have a great week, and congrats on HP#200!
Joyce, here are a couple of question suggestions for you:
Have you ever celebrated Christmas (or any holiday) in an unusual way? If so, how and why.
What is your favorite Christmas ornament, and why?
Joyce, I was able to trace back to the first time I joined Hodgepodge to April 11, 2012. My title was "God, Hats, Mirrors, and Friends." I have so enjoyed being part of this community and I thank Lea at CiCi's Corner for inviting me to participate. I so appreciate the time you take to not only share yourself with us, but to allow us to share ourselves with others. Congratulations on achieving the huge 200 mark.
I could not agree more with your answer for "peace on earth." We may not ever have true peace until the Lord reigns, but there are certainly things we can do to make our little part of the earth more peaceful.
Again, thank you for doing your part in bringing us all together and for the peace you help bring.
Oh man - that's right - have a dress to fit in after Christmas. That's the best motivation ever for not over eating through the holidays!
I wish we even had a mantle. Not sure why they built this house without one. I do love outdoor decorations though! Hope your Thanksgiving was fantastic! Take care.
What a great idea for a give-away.
What would make a book inviting to you, and what would be the perfect setting in reading said book?
I began participating in the Hodgepodge on February 27, 2013, at the urging of my beloved SWMBO. I've been hooked ever since.
I must say that this is a clever way to get a bank of new questions. Well played Hodgepodge Mistress!
After much searching, looks like I joined January 21, 2011. I always enjoy your questions and sure do agree with your assessment of what makes this a community right here in Hodgepodge Land.
My question would be a simple homemaking one.
"What childhood games did you play" or "What ridiculous tales did you believe when you were young and impressionable"
Do you have a fireplace in your home? If so how often do you use it?
I love that response about how blogging helps you pay attention to the lovely things in life. So true!
Future question...this may be a basic one, but " What are some goals you are setting for 2015, and in particular goals pertaining to blogging?".
I'm at a disadvantage as I'm 'working remotely' today so I can't easily go back to check when my first Hodgepodge was but I know it was in its infancy and might have been the very first one. I look forward to the questions every week! Even if I'm not able to answer them.
My question.... When traveling, do you eat out at restaurants by yourself or are you uncomfortable doing so?
Looks like the first time I played along was 9/5/12. I know I read along for quite a while before I really had the chance to jump in. Hard to believe it's been 4 years. Thanks so much for doing the work to keep this fun and...really...educational!
As usual, I agree with many of your thoughts. Our world needs to be kinder, we need to decorate our mantles, I'm glad we are blog friends and I also feel "It's like a happy little coffee break in the middle of my week"!
Thank you for all the time and energy you put into it!!!
My question is " What was one of the best pieces of advice you have ever been offered? Who was it from? Did you take it?"
Ok, I finally have thought of a question (hope it's not too late).
When was the last time you tried something new? What was it and will you try it again?
Life has not allowed me to join in the Hodgepodge much this year, but I still read and enjoy the questions. I also enjoy reading about your upcoming wedding events. Can't wait to see pics from the Big Day! I believe I started with the beginning of the Hodgepodge; we used to participate together in the Random Dozen.
Here's my question(s): What's in the backseat/trunk of your vehicle right now? An alternative would be, what's on your coffee table or kitchen counter right now?
Happy 200th, Joyce. Because of my friend Jhona O, I started on the hodgepodge on May 29, 2013. I don't know if this has been asked in the Hodgepodge but, "How did you find out about Wednesday Hodgepodge and what allured you to join in?"
I like seeing your apothecary jars, too! You do such a great job with those!
I've been with you since the beginning: 11/10/10!
Here's the question: How tall are you? What are the advantages/disadvantages to your height?
You know one thing that's so great about teaching in an elementary school? You get to get away from all the worldly negativity for at least 8 hours every day. And then there are all those sweet little hugs. :) My first Hodgepodge was 4/27/11. I think. That's the earliest post I can find anyway. A possible question for a future Hodgepodge (and I'm not even sure I wrote this out correctly): Would you categorize fear and doubt as failures or successes? Why? AND, could failure itself be considered as success? Very excited about the giveaway! And the wedding that is now right around the bend! :)
Sorry to have missed the big 200th celebration. Work got in my way but I've been hodgepodging since July 2011.
It's Beginning to Look A Lot Like Hodgepodge

A combi ticket is highly recommended because it covers the train, the bus ride and the entrance to Keukenhof. Purchasing the ticket online to avoid the huge queue at the box office.
In order to really enjoy the garden, you should start early. The garden open at 8:00. In the course of the day, it is getting very crowded and the flowers look not so fresh anymore.
Consider taking time to visit the flower fields outside the Keukenhof. Tulips can be directly bought from the farmers as well.
Such a shame! Maybe now you have a reason to revisit the Netherlands 🙂 Thank you for your compliment!
These photos are so beautiful! I have always wanted to visit here because it looks so perfectly beautiful place… 🙂
Thanks 🙂 The garden is indeed beautiful, especially at the morning when not so many people there.
Thanks! I am glad that you like this post 🙂
This is so beautiful. I just shared it with a friend of mind who was thinking of going there. Thank you for the tips!
You welcome! I am glad to hear that 😉
And if one manages to rent a bike, go outside of the gardens. Just around the corner barely 10 minutes’ ride one will be hit with all the flower fields. In fact, you can see it from the gardens itself. But the best experience is to walk the real fields!
It must be great! I can imagine. Actually, Keukenhof also offers boat trips to the tulip fields. But for some reasons, we didn’t do that 🙂
Oh. reasons to go back next time. Every year the layout would be different!
The garden looks so beautiful! I am so excited to visit the place soon. Do you know any tulip fields near Amsterdam where we can cycle around?
Unfortunately, I do not know any field around Amsterdam. But the area around Keukenhof is full of tulip fields. Lisse is what the town is called. Maybe the tourist office there can give you some advice. Keukenhof also offers a boat tour to tulip fields. I think the tour takes around 45 to 60 min.
OMG Len, you make me want to hop on a plane to Netherlands. Keukenhof is my dream, although I have never seen photos of it as pretty as yours are! FANTASTIC!
Thanks a lot for your compliment, Nano! I guess I had a lucky day. The weather was totally in my favor and there were not so many people that jumped in front of my camera 🙂
That’s always the biggest problem, people jumping into frame
You are making me very very jealous and very very upset that I will not be able to see it this year 😭 I’ve always loved gardens and greenery…
So idyllic! What is the theme of this year? When I went there 2 years ago, the theme was Van Gogh so it was really fun for art lovers. 🙂
I think the theme for this year is Dutch Design. Not so sure 🙂 I remember the theme because there were a pavilion that displayed the blue-white porcelain from Delft.
How amazing does that look! I’d love to go there one day
The garden is opening till May. So you still have time to plan a weekend trip 😉 I am sure you can make some wonderful photos of the garden.
Wow, I’m so jealous you are already experiencing Spring! Cold and grey on my side of the world 😦
Beautiful…looks like the garden of heaven!
Thank you! 🙂 I am glad that you enjoyed my post
I saw the heading pictures and immediately recognised it, the Keukenhof in my home country. You have documented it really nicely! Did you know that most of these flowers end up on the flower auction that you can also visit? Quite something! https://bestregardsfromfar.com/2016/06/15/biggest-flower-auction/
Thanks a lot for your compliments! 🙂
This place looks so beautiful! every time I see pictures of Keukenhof, I ask myself why I didn’t go there yet 😀 In real life the garden must be even more amazing))
Yep, the garden looks even more beautiful in real life. It could be an inspiration for this Eastern Holiday 😉
You have a talent in photography, so full of colours!
Your words made my day. Thanks a lot, Vinneve! 🙂 Spring is coming so we are going to see more colour. I am getting tired of the greyness and whiteness of winter haha.
You’re welcome, I am just saying the truth. I like Autumn colours and yes of course Spring!
Such a exquisite display of floral beauty! Nature has so much for us to behold and we need to take time before the seasons change again!
Indeed 🙂 Thank you for your compliment, Robert!

With her edgy attitude and shock of purple hair, Susan just might be your typical 19 year old except Susan has autism. By law, she is entitled to a public education up to the age of 22, but her school district was...
Mr. Gold, an 88 year old disabled veteran, recently lost his wife of over 50 years. Mr. Gold got a notice that his home was in foreclosure proceedings because he owed over $9,000 to his Lender. Like many of us, Mr....
When Florynce, a Watertown senior, found out that her rent was going up by $500 a month, she was scared. She was already spending the majority of her income on rent and knew she couldn’t afford the increase.
For one mom, free access to an attorney may have been a lifesaver
"My story is long and complicated, I can tell you that I dated my ex-husband for 5 years but what I didn’t know was that to him marriage meant ownership.
They met in Japan and a whirlwind romance led to a marriage. But shortly after their return to the US, Chris demanded a divorce.
Denied emergency shelter, would 3-year old Maya's life be saved before it was too late?
Bertha and Marco were living in Puerto Rico when their three-year-old daughter Maya was diagnosed with Diabetes Mellitus Type I. Over the next two years, Maya developed diabetes ketoacidosis, a serious complication....
For nearly six months, Carl’s supervisor berated him and threatened to fire him, saying Carl thought he was better than everyone else because he was an ex-Marine.
Other than his wife's parents, Carl had no family nearby, only a handful of friends and virtually no one who could relate to his experience. ...
Roger had been trying to get his heat fixed for over a year and had gone two winters without, but the bank still refused to make the repair.
Roger had no income and was not the record owner of the house. He had suffered a head injury which made it difficult for him to manage money and complete tasks. He didn’t want to stay in the house, but needed money...
In 2002, after nearly 28 years as a school teacher, principal and administrator, Wayland resident Joanne Kwarta accepted an offer of early retirement.
Lizzy and John thought they had it all: a good marriage, two beautiful young girls, a nice house in Metrowest and a luxury SUV.
And John had a decent paying job. That was until last year when a doctor diagnosed him– just 37 at the time – with a rare, chronic, and catastrophic disease that will result in an untimely death. Shortly after the...

Salman Khan’s 48th Birthday bash at his Panvel farmhouse was an affair to remember, as vouched by those present at his birthday. From poolside fun, to food, everything spelled extravagance. Most of his close friends made it to the event, although one person was conspicuously missing, Sanjay Dutt. Sanjay Dutt, who is in jail for terrorism acts in the 1993 Mumbai blasts for which he has been awarded a five year jail sentence, has been let out on parole to attend to his ai
Farooq Sheikh passes away at the age of 65
‘Dhoom 3’ is going great guns since it hit the theatres worldwide on Friday. The film is breaking one after another record and setting a new benchmark. The film has not only earned the title of making a grand non-holiday opener first time in Bollywood but also crossed 100 crore mark in the shortest period of only three days of its release. Trade pundits predict ‘Dhoom 3’ will enter Rs.250 crore by the end of this week. The film is expected to earn more profits in the coming Christmas a
Don’t make the mistake of missing ‘Dhoom 3’
Katrina is my sister-in-law, Salman Khan
Suzanne will be my love for the rest of my life, Hrithik
Legendary actor Dilip Kumar turns 91 today and he had a quiet birthday celebration with family, friends and team of doctors. In September this year, the thespian was admitted to hospital for 10 days following cardiac arrest. The superstar is healthy now. “I only want to thank Allah for whatever he has given us. We will have a great celebration with family members and around 30 to 40 doctors who looked after him. They are like family to us," informed Saira Banu, who has been marri
Elli Avram, the hot damsel who debuted in Bollywood with the film, Mickey Virus, has recently turned down a marriage proposal from none another than Salman Khan. The 23 year old actor of Greek descent joked, ‘I will not take his (Salman Khan’s) proposal seriously!’ According to Avram, for a serious commitment such as marriage, people need to be well acquainted with each other. She thinks she does not know him well enough to consider a relationship with him. She says relationship and ma

The locker worked great in the sand in the deserts of Nevada. It just doesn't work as good in the snow of Wyoming. Guess I should have got the 4x4 conversion instead.
...and then I am done spending money on my Sportsmobile.
Lockers in snow can cause your rig to move sideways, as each wheel moves at the same speed, but one wheel will typically have different traction than the other. For snow, I prefer limited slip differentials.
Have you already talked to U Joint since you got back home after your digging exercise?
Some thoughts, you may already have considered:
With an ice base that's solid enough that you're not breaking it, I'd reach for some chains. Even with 4x4.
I'd also run open diff until I was spinning, with the hope that there would be less digging down all the way to the ice. That said, with an 6-10klbs vehicle, you'll be on the bottom most of the time.
What are you comparing it to that worked better in those conditions? If it's a lighter vehicle, they may manage to drive on some of the snow and get more traction that way.
Jeffrey: I will definitely look into the MaxTrax. I found some roof shingles next to a guy's house and tried to use those for traction. It didn't work.
In the mean time, at least for icy spots, carry some large bags of kitty litter and spread them on the patches of ice if you get stuck again. Also, before you get MaxTrax or some similar product, keep some long strips of carpet in your rig. Poor man's traction aid.
one of the single best things to carry is a set of 4 trax.
snow,sand,mud, they are super and easy to use

Traveling with the family has its own requirements, especially if you have young kids. You want a hotel that is clean, secure, convenient, accessible, and of course, easy on the budget. One of the Bacolod hotels that fit these criteria is Seda Capitol Central (Seda Hotel Bacolod).
From its name, you will know that it is located in central Bacolod City. It is along Lacson Street, just across the capitol lagoon, which is a favorite hangout of Bacolod residents.
Furthermore, it is just a walking distance away from among the best homegrown Bacolod restaurants. There are also lots of fast food chains around the area and just a few kilometers away from the major malls of the city.
The courtyard of Seda Capitol Central is not very expansive or fancy. They just made the most of the space. There is an island of plants in front of the entrance in order for cars to make a turn after dropping passengers at the main door.
The spacious lobby with an interesting shape.
The lobby though, has quite some room and is kind of separated from the reception area. The area in front of the receptionist is quite spacious, so there would still be some room to move around even if a bus load of tourists are unloaded at the same time.
Our family at the lobby. It was late at night when we had this picture so there was nobody else around.
Our family of four, two grown ups and two young kids ages 9 and 5, stayed in the deluxe room of Seda Capitol Cental. The exact floor area is 25 sq. meters, which was ample. It was not very big, but not cramped at all. It had space for two twin beds, a bedside table, desk, office chair, luggage rack, mini bar with refrigerator, and an ample closet.
Our deluxe bedroom with two double beds.
A bed is very important for me because of my back problems, and thankfully, Seda used a good quality mattress. The kids spent a lot of time on the bed, lying down while watching TV and playing with their toys. Yep, we had to bring toys. They are kids and they need the diversion.
A deluxe room with one king-sized bed.
The mini bar was stacked, but consummables are charged separately. There is free coffee, tea, and bottled water, compliments of the hotel. And oh, you know what their welcome gift is? A cute box of truffles plus a personal note from the hotel manager! I love it!
The clean, no-nonsense toilet and bathroom.
Our toiletries. They smell so good!
I especially liked the complimentary bedroom slippers. They are not the throw-away types. I had to bring them home (though used at the hotel), because they are reusable.
By the way, our room was on the side facing the South Capitol Road. When we parted the curtains, we had a good view of the Capitol Lagoon and Park.
The hallway going to the bedrooms on the 3rd floor. This is just one wing.
Here is a complete list of the in-room facilities of Seda Hotel Bacolod’s deluxe room. It’s the room where our family stayed.
Coffee and tea making facilities inside the room.
The hallway to the function rooms.
There are three elevators serving the building. We didn’t experience waiting for our turn. 😀
The pool is very important for us because the kids really love to spend time swimming. Aside from being occasional unicorns, they transform into mermaids when they hit the water.
During the day, the roofdeck is a nice place for the little kids to hang around in and expend their energy. Our kids especially enjoyed the view.
For the health conscious, Seda Hotel Bacolod has a 24-hour gym on the 7th Floor.
Our kids really enjoy swimming. That is why we always look for a hotel with a pool. And then we spare some time for them to swim. That is exactly what we did upon checking in during Shane’s 5th birthday. After we stashed our stuff in the room, we immediately went swimming.
Despite storms threatening the month of August in the Philippines, we were blessed with a two-day hiatus while we were having our staycation. So the kids got to enjoy.
For an overnight stay, we try to spare at least an hour each day for the two-day stay just so they have time at the pool.
The kids owned the pool. This was during Shane’s 5th birthday.
When they are not swimming, the kids need to play some more. That is why toys are in order.
To keep them busy, we brought some toys for them.
Seda Capitol Central is a nice and modern hotel. It may not be opulent, but it is simple, elegant, and very comfortable. But one thing that really makes them notable is their staff. They have very warm and accommodating personnel, from the front office, to the concierge, waiters, pool attendants, and pretty much every one we have encountered. This includes their housekeeping. They are very helpful, too.
One of the best things at Seda Capitol Central is the staff. They are warm and very professional.
Even the waiters who were so busy scurrying for the breakfast menu were polite and pleasant. While this is a blog collaboration, we did not get preferential treatment because it’s not like everyone at the hotel knows I am there. It’s not like a media or bloggers’ day. But still, their staff are well-trained and very hospitable.
The entire hotel has high-speed internet connection powered by Globe Telecom, their sister company. You will just have to ask for the password from the front desk. If you are a hotel guest, passwords will be handed upon check in.
I thoroughly enjoyed working inside our room. The chair was comfortable and the internet connection speed was so fast. Taking a break with my ginger tea.
Their internet is soooo fast. If it was not a staycation for us, I would have kept working just to take advantage of the fast connection. When I went home, I wanted to cry because I realized how slow my connection is. boohoohoo 🙁
The breakfast buffet at Seda Capitol Central is free for hotel guests (up to two adults per room). Regular price is P699 per person. Children six years old and below are free. Meanwhile, children from 7 to 12 years old are charged half.
There is enough variety of food served for breakfast at the Misto Restaurant. I think there were more than 30 varieties there. We enjoyed the Filipino breakfast of fried rice and several kinds of cured meats like longganisa, tocino, and many others. Except for scrambled eggs, the rest, however, would have to be ordered from the waiter. They do not not have an omelet station as part of the buffet table.
Additionally, they have salads, breads, cereals, as well as local fare, or what we call sud-an, like adobo, humba, laswa (vegetable stew), and the like. Some people I talked to do not like these Pinoy dishes section, saying that they seem to be out of place. May take is that, you will never know what cravings people have and so these dishes add to the variety. You can always just choose what you like.
We have attended several functions at Seda Hotel Bacolod and the food has been pretty good. However, I cannot comment about their ala carte meals at the restaurant as we have not dined there in this set up.
Aside from these juices, you can request for coffee, tea, or hot chocolate from the waiters.
Breads and cakes at the breakfast table.
It’s good that we are homeschooling because we can take off to have a family vacation in the middle of a hectic school month.
Travel in Search for the Old and New
There’s no omelet station but you can order the eggs that you like and they can prepare it for you. I think it’s because of the spatial constraint. There is scrambled eggs on the buffet table though.
Wow! Seda Capitol Central looks like a great place to stay during your trip. Breakfast included is really nice to have too. I appreciate you including the prices and pictures of everything. It makes the review so much more personal.
Thank you so much for sharing about this amazing Hotel! I am looking for some accommodation at Seda Capitol Central for my next trip and will give this hotel a go! Thanks again!
Seda Capitol Central looks like a really nice hotel. Your younger daughter is such a poser! Thank you for the very thorough review of this hotel. Appreciate it 😀
What an absolutely awesome looking place to go and stay! Seda Capitol Central looks like they have so much going on in the complex itself as well!
I am impressed by this hotel! I would love to stay here one day. That food looks tasty. Plus my kids would be all about that pool. Seda Capitol Central has everything that it takes for a good family hotel. Your review is so enticing!
Looks like you and your family had a great time! I can’t wait to travel to Bacolod soon and stay at the Seda Capitol Centra!
I really love this place. I wish I would stay here one day. I am surprised with the room facilities and the no-nonsense toilet. Also loving the fact that Seda Capitol Central is so nice and clean and looks like it smells good. hehe
This place (Seda Capitol Central) is looking amazing. Love the interior of the hotel. Looks like this place have the facilities. Will definitely want to stay in this hotel. You mentioned each and everything now mind is all clear. Thanks for sharing the review and your experience during your trip.
The hotel looks like it has so many amenities that I would love. So great that the whole family was able to stay comfortably at Seda Capitol Central.
I would definitely love to go here. Seda Capitol Central seems like an amazing place, thanks for the share and the review !
Seda Capitol Central looks so beautiful. The buffet is very nice as well. Your shots were really good and it definitely shows how your family had tons of fun.
Wow, I love all your pictures at Seda Capitol Central! This looks like a great place to take kids. That is our first priority when we are going on vacation.
Oh, I have not asked about pets! But judging from the fact that I have never seen pets there for the many times I have visited Seda Capitol Central, then maybe no. Or maybe Bacolod hotels just don’t allow pets at all?
Omg that place looks so lux, and looks like you were treated like a VIP which is a great thing. I totally loved the way you reviewed this hotel which is really helpful . Thanks for this nice post about Seda Capitol Central. 😀

If you are a newbie, first install the template using the instructions here.
After installing the template successfully, you have to do a few things..
Once you completed editing it, save the file as *jpeg format and upload the image to any image hosting service like photobucket and copy the direct link to that image.
and change this above url in the template code with the one you just copied.
2.Edit the top navigation links.
3.And the final thing to do is to edit the feedburner url's.
Find this code and enter the respective links.
Hope you guys like the template!
wow! what an Amazing template.... I'll use this for my new blog :)
Me again! I'm using this layout now, thanks to you.
Have a problem again. I want to show my blogger navbar but when it does, only one fourth to the left is shown! Can you help me fix this?Thanks
I am using it now. I love this template. Thank you so much for this.. http://inday-stories.blogspot.com please do visit my blog..
It was hidden as it spoils the look of the template.. if u want it.. simply remove this code from the template:
Is it possible to change the background to totally black?
you could help me with one more thing
I would be very grateful, I tried to put a code to create the widget related posts, but it did not work!
Is there any way to add the date to the post headings?
I meant for this specific template. I noticed that most of the ones you have up only show the time. I've tried changing it like you mentioned already, and it doesn't change.
Got it. When you're in south, south Texas, drinks are on me.
Man, I have been template hunting all night, and I think this is the one.
I love the user friendliness, and options for customization, too!
Loving the template so far! One issue, though. I'm not getting the the ShareThis widget to appear for some reason. :(
Hey kranthi, you should increase the height of you footer to fit well with Recent Comment widget. It is a bit ugly right now.
help! I forgot to upload the background image to my own server...can you get me the original image so I can do that? please...
sorry about my english, I hope you can understand what I' tryng to say...
I have just uploaded this beautufull template. But don't know how to change the header image. Want to remove the Title FUNKYZINE.
Hi, I'm currently using this theme and for some reason, only on this theme, that when I try to post a comment, I am led to a blank page on wp-comments-post.php.
If anyone can help, that'll be great.
I've installed this theme and it's working great. Thanx.
Besides the available features, I would like to create a drop down menu for the navigation menus. Can you please help?
This theme works a treat, I already enjoy using it.
I changed it! Thanks! It looks better on Firefox, but IE (content box doesn't extend based on the length of text and the logo doesn't repeat underneath) :( Wow, you're really good at this stuff! Do you think it's just my IE and Safari setup that's messed up?
Wonderful Template. I love it. Thanks so much.
Great template!!! I have been using it for about a month but the html widget above and below the post text cannot be centered on the white text area. Any ideas I can try? I don't seem to know enough html to figure this one out myself. Thanks
thanks for the great template and im just discovering XML coding, although i did manage to get some things done.
However it doesn't hurt to ask for help =p :
~ what needs to be done to imitate the main posting body just like the sidebar? im doing it for my videos and picture sections. ~
~ how do you achieve navigation on the same webpage without having to create another same page for a specific section (i.e pictures, videos)
Please let me know how to create a margin on the left side for this template.
I have a problem. when I change the contents of the headings such as "About and Privacy Policy" it will not direct to the correct post...
I was able to fix the margin on the left side of the posts.
I am having another issue though. The bullets, whether it be numbers or discs don't show up properly. Please let me know how to fix this.
I have edit the color.. Hope you dont mind..
Hello how can I Make the top links as dropdow links can you help me?
yes I like it so much,thank you.
Hi, I just like to say thank you for the 'FunkyZine' template and for all the tips that you made available here.
Also having problems with this. The preview on this site shows this is a two column blog theme, but when I've installed it I'm getting a lot of white space in my blog posting, I want the actual posts to stretch across..
I dont want ppl to comment on my post.
but when i click a specific post.
it appears 0 comments for this post.
I use this very beautiful template on my blog (http://pronostic-pmu-gratuit.blogspot.com/), but I have a problem.
The RSS is no longer in the address bar as soon as I install some things in the template.
i was very disappointed to find the repeated logo in firefox but then i found ur post and deleted it and it works perfect.....
I'd like to delete the time and author stamps from all blog posts, but deselecting them in the page elements section didn't work. What do I have to change in the template coding to accomplish this? Thanks.
Please help me to sort my problem...
just downloaded the template, but it appears on my screen as a whole lot of photobucket squares that says "exceeded bandwith".Love the template and would really like to use it, any suggestions?
how to make the content body wider, so i can fit my 640px x 480px pictures?
dude its not working on my page http://arc13.blogspot.com/...I cant even find the 'upload' bar so I just copy and paste the code..
Have a question regarding the template.
How can i remove the "By 'name' on Time", "Filed Under" & "0 comments for this post" from the posts? i do not want all these three items appear on any page. i tried removing few items, but it didnt work.
It is a new blog and have only two posts at the moment. I would like if you give me suggetions to make it well.
I love this template and I'm using it for my upcoming blog. But I have a problem and hope someone can help. I have selected "Show Ads Between Posts" but nothing appear. Help please.
Love this template... just one problem, it doesn't seem to have a monthly archive on the right hand side. How can I add this? (or even just an older posts link at the bottom)
i use it at my-sweetblog.blogspot.com
Thank you so much for the template it is easy to use. however i have sum questions to ask.
Hope U dun mind.how do i add header along the page at the top.
Hi I am in the same situation as Abhishek,
I need a "previous posts" link for my 200+ posts and a "read more" link for the individual posts. How are any of you blogging without it? Please tell me how to implement this feature or where I can get the code from.
Check out my blog for ways to save on EVERYTHING... especially electronics!
I just installed this and I am loving it! Thanks so much for doing this!
I don't know how to use photoshop, neither do i have the photoshop application..
Hi, I made it. You can download it here
nice and catchy templates. Let me get one of them. Thanks a lot
Can anyone tell me how to show the navigation bar?
the white body of the template is too close from the horizontal menu bar. does someone can tell me how to put it a bit lower?
note:- i dont understand what is this means. Please help explain to me. thanks
love the template a lot. i am having trouble with the width of my posted content. my posts are significantly smaller in width than the box in which they are held. how do i go about rectifying this?
I want to add the section where I can view Older posts...any suggestions on how to add that?
I'm reconfiguring it a bit for use on my website. I hope you don't mind.
I'm leaving your site design credit at the bottom.
I have this template on my blog http://humortrip.blogspot.com ... but now everything is mess up because of the image hosts that you used doesn't want to show up the images and backgrounds from this templates. The only graphics that its shows are those that I modified before and hosted in my own photobucket account
i have the same problem with frenchy.
I have this template too and it´s happening the same problem with the images. If you still have them, please, help! I love this template and didn´t want to change now...
Hi, sorry guys.. Due to the huge amount of template downloads the bandwidth exceeded..
How do we get the images to upload in our own host if this photobucket host of yours no longer show the images for this template? I don't know why I am being ignored here.. geez..
It has "continue reading " or "read more" feature..
I will be waiting for updated template with "continue reading " or "read more" feature.. Thank you for your job and help! Please post reply when template will be ready!)
Template released... You can see it here
how do you put a "previous post" button on it? i can't seem to find one
Good day! Can you explain me how to realize "Recent Posts" on main page using this template like in Live Demo? What i must do for this? Thank you!
to change the logo of this theme we must change "http://i42.tinypic.com/t9cz0n.jpg" in the html
with the .jpeg image made out of .psd by you.
i'm using it for my blog: http://peachandfuzz.blogspot.com
have a problem with the title - it's being shown twice :oS anyone can help?
I like it a lot, but I tried to modify it a bit, to suit my blog better. And along came some questoins...
1) Is it possible to create another sidebar on the left side of the post-section? That would be really great, because it's kind of a mess with just the one on the right side.
I've followed several tutorials to try it out, but it was a complete mess.
3) The date used to stand above my title, and now it's gone. Can I bring that back?
4) I know of some kind of "rate the post" system, where readers can give each post stars (up to five), to show if they like it or not.
But when I tried it, it just didn't show. Does this have to do anything with this template?
5) The corners of the post aren't round anymore, because the background is different. I can't photoshop them away (I've tried saving & uploading as a .jpg and a .gif file, but it didn't work). This question isn't as important as the other ones though.
I'm sorry to ask so much, but I've tried to figure it out myself, and I'd appreciate the help enormously. So if you've got the time and ideas/answers, it'd be super!
Hi Kranthi, thank you very much for the template. I was wondering if you or anyone can help me with the code. You may visit my blog here:

You may have arrived on this page asking yourself, "What is a smile makeover?" By the time you contact a cosmetic dentist, however, you will be asking, "Which treatments will my one-of-a-kind smile makeover include?"
The best candidates for a smile makeover will be in basically good oral and overall health, but be dissatisfied with certain elements of their smiles. The more specific they are in terms of what they hope to achieve through their smile makeovers, the better.
Gum disease: Periodontal disease is a common problem that can cause bleeding, inflammation, and bad breath. If left untreated, it can eventually lead to tooth loss and jawbone degeneration. According to the WHO, about 30 percent of people over the age 65 have no natural teeth as a result of severe periodontal disease. In the early stages, your dentist can typically reverse this condition with a thorough dental cleaning. However, if the condition progresses, you may require a deep cleaning, also known as scaling and planing.
Untreated decay: When you have a cavity, your dentist will place a filling. This not only helps to strengthen your damaged tooth; it also prevents the bacteria from spreading to your other teeth. If your dentist detects any cavities, you will need to get them filled before you can pursue elective treatment.
One of the main goals of a smile makeover is to remove or conceal stains, such as those caused by tobacco. If you are a smoker, however, these stains can reappear over time. Therefore, if you want to extend the results of your smile makeover, you should consider quitting the habit for good before you commit to treatment.
Before beginning your smile makeover, you should have a good understanding of what you can accomplish through your particular treatment plan. Most dentists are able to give you a preview of what you will look like after undergoing certain procedures through sophisticated digital imaging systems.
Ready to take the next step? Find a cosmetic dentist in your area
Because each smile makeover is unique in its scope, the cost of a smile makeover can vary significantly from patient to patient. Therefore, it is impossible even to estimate a cost for the treatment. In fact, the final total of your makeover will depend on numerous factors. These include:
Procedures performed: Smile makeovers include multiple procedures in one. The number and type of treatments you choose will affect the final cost of your makeover.
Advanced technology: Many dentists use innovative tools as they plan smile makeovers. For example, your practitioner may use advanced imaging technology to view your jaw and teeth. Alternatively, you may select a newer, state-of-the-art treatment. For instance, KöR® Deep BleachingTM will cost more than traditional teeth whitening. Nevertheless, like many patients, you may be willing to pay slightly higher costs to ensure outstanding cosmetic results.
Geographic location: The costs of dental treatment vary, depending on where you live. Because of higher overhead costs, elective dental procedures typically cost more in major urban areas on the two coasts. For example, according to the Fair Health Consumer cost comparison service, in-office teeth whitening in New York City often costs at least $100 more per tooth than in upstate New York.
Dentist's experience: A cosmetic dentist who has years of experience and a reputation for outstanding results may charge more than a less knowledgeable practitioner.
No matter what the specific cost of your smile makeover, most dental practices offer several possible methods of paying for your treatment. Your dentist and administrative team will help you find a payment option that fits your budget.
In-House Financing and Special Offers
Many cosmetic dentists offer affordable payment options. Often these include fixed-interest and no-interest repayment plans with approved credit. Additionally, you may be eligible for one or more special offers. For example, some dentists offer a discount if you pay in full for your makeover, prior to beginning treatment. You should discuss these financing options and inquire about any discounts at your initial consultation.
In addition to in-house financing, you may also be eligible for third-party financing. Institutions such as Compassionate Finance® exist specifically to fund elective and non-covered medical procedures. These medical financing companies often offer low, fixed, and no-interest financing options with approved credit. Additionally, many banks and financial institutions will lend money for cosmetic dentistry. Your dentist's office may be able to recommend a reputable lender in your area.
Choosing the right dentist is perhaps the most important step you can take toward ensuring the best possible aesthetic results. To be sure of your decision, you should talk to several cosmetic dentists. Then you can choose the practitioner who best suits your needs and personality. When interviewing these dentists, there are several important factors to consider.
First, you should always choose a dentist who is an accredited member of the American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry (AACD). This institution requires its members to undergo rigorous, advanced training. When you choose a dentist with this accreditation, you know you will be treated by a competent and experienced practitioner.
Your dentist will need to integrate multiple procedures and design a unique treatment plan just for you.
For optimal results, you should select a dentist who has performed numerous smile makeovers. This treatment involves extensive planning. Your dentist will need to integrate multiple procedures and design a unique treatment plan just for you. Therefore, a dentist who routinely performs isolated cosmetic procedures may not be the best choice for a smile makeover.
Would I be satisfied if my smile looked like this after treatment?
Are these photos well-lit and taken at different angles?
You could include a wide range of procedures in your smile makeover. Not all dentists offer all treatments. Therefore, you may narrow your search if you are interested in a specialized procedure, such as minimal-prep veneers or KöR® Deep BleachingTM.
Cosmetic dentistry procedures involve minimal discomfort. However, if you suffer from dental anxiety, you may want to choose someone who offers sedation dentistry. For cosmetic treatments, dentists usually do not use general anesthesia. Instead, they offer nitrous oxide, IV sedation, and/or oral conscious sedation. If you are particularly interested in one of these methods, look for a dentist who routinely offers it to patients.
Advanced technology can make your dental treatment more efficient, effective, and comfortable. You may want to look for a dentist who uses one or more of the following tools:
Before beginning treatment, your dentist will determine whether you are a candidate for a smile makeover. He or she will take your health history and conduct a complete oral exam. If you have any other dental health concerns, such as the ones listed above, your dentist will develop a treatment plan to address this issues.
To obtain a more comprehensive understanding of your oral health, your dentist will take pictures of your teeth and jaw. There are a number of tools that he or she might use. These imaging devices could include:
Panorex x-rays: Panorex (or panoramic) x-rays show all of your teeth in a single image.
You and your dentist will also discuss your goals for treatment. He or she will explain the various procedures that may be included in a smile makeover. Together, you will decide which treatments are most suited to your needs and goals.
Following the initial appointment, you will typically have several other consultations. At each of these visits, you and your dentist will continue to develop your unique treatment plan. These appointments will also give you the chance to ask questions and voice any additional concerns.
If you have any dental damage, your dentist will create a plan to address these issues first. Common preparatory procedures could include deep cleaning for gum disease, root canal therapy, or filling a cavity.
After your dentist has treated these underlying conditions, you will discuss the cosmetic procedures. At this time, you and your dentist can decide which treatment you want to undergo first. In many cases this will depend on your preferences. However, in other situations, your dentist may prefer to perform certain procedures before others.
Smile makeovers can include a wide range of cosmetic dentistry procedures. Because these treatments are tailored to meet your individual needs, the combinations are seemingly endless.
Veneers can correct a wide range of aesthetic issues. Among other functions, they can:
Teeth whitening is another popular procedure to include in a smile makeover. The treatment is quick, convenient, and involves minimal discomfort. At the same time, it can have dramatic results for your smile and self-confidence. There are several types of professional teeth whitening, and your dentist will help you select the right type for your needs.
KöR is a revolutionary new form of whitening that can permanently lighten your smile by up to 16 shades. Additionally, it can address both intrinsic and extrinsic stains. By combining in-office and at-home treatments, your dentist can actually restore your teeth's ability to absorb oxygen, leading to long-lasting results. Because KöR Deep Bleaching is so new, however, only a select number of dentists offer this treatment.
Bonding can treat many of the same concerns as porcelain veneers. These include:
Bonding can be a great alternative to veneers, especially if you are on a budget. On average, the cost of dental bonding per tooth is approximately a third of that for veneers. Although resin does not have the same natural sparkle of porcelain, when an experienced dentist performs the procedure, the results will still be beautiful and lifelike.
If you feel that your smile is disproportionately small, it may have more to do with your gums than the size of your teeth. Extra gum tissue can obscure your teeth and even make you look several years older than you actually are. Additionally, an uneven gum line can greatly affect your smile, making your teeth look crooked or unhealthy.
In addition to reducing the size of unusually large teeth, dental contouring can perform a number of functions. These include:
This data will go to an offsite lab, and technicians will create aligner trays that fit snugly and comfortably around your teeth. Typically, you will switch to a new aligner every two weeks, and they will gradually move your teeth into their new positions.
Although clear braces are most commonly used in a smile makeover, your dentist may recommend an alternative treatment. These could include:
Six Month Smiles®: Six Month Smiles uses clear brackets and tooth colored wires, so your braces will be extremely subtle, even at a close distance. Best of all, thanks to advanced planning, the treatment is much faster than traditional braces. It also uses less force, making your orthodontic care more comfortable and convenient.
Although dental fillings are most frequently considered a restorative treatment, your dentist may include tooth-colored fillings as part of your smile makeover. Old silver amalgam fillings may have started to show through your teeth, lending a gray tint to your smile. Your dentist can remove these fillings and replace them with composite resin restorations. He or she will select the color that most closely matches your teeth, so you should enjoy a whiter, more pristine smile for years to come.
Porcelain crowns can have both cosmetic and practical benefits for your smile. Your dentist will apply a crown that is a near-perfect match to the natural shape and color of your teeth. Once this tooth-shaped cap is in place, you could enjoy a vastly improved smile, a stronger tooth, and improved bite alignment.
To place a crown, your dentist will first reshape your tooth. By removing part of your dental structure, he or she will make room for the restoration so that it can sit flush against your tooth. Many dentists will perform this step with manual tools. However, an increasing number of dentists use air abrasion instruments or surgical lasers. No matter what tools your particular dentist uses, he or she will numb your tooth and surrounding gum tissue. Thanks to this medication, you should experience little discomfort during the procedure.
Dental crowns can be made from a variety of materials. Traditionally, crowns were always made of metal. However, since this material will not blend with your smile, metal is rarely used during a smile makeover. Porcelain-fused-to-metal is more lifelike. However, after several years, the metal may begin to show through the porcelain.
If you are missing a large number of teeth, you may be better suited to full mouth restoration than cosmetic treatment. Nevertheless, if you are only missing one or two teeth, your dentist may be able to address this issue during a smile makeover. Additionally, he or she can often replace old synthetic teeth newer, more lifelike restorations.
Today, more and more cosmetic dentists are using advanced laser technology to make treatment more comfortable, accurate, and efficient. If you are interested in state-of-the-art laser tools, talk to your dentist about this technology at your initial consultation.
There are many applications for lasers in all facets of dentistry, especially the cosmetic procedures involved in a smile makeover. Read Full Article
Soft tissue lasers can make gum recontouring much more comfortable and effective. Again, the lasers are extremely accurate. Your dentist can make tiny adjustments to the shape of your gum line. The laser will not touch the surrounding tissues, so you will experience minimal sensitivity and a quick recovery.
Laser dentistry is rapidly growing in popularity, thanks to its many advantages. These benefits include:
Minimal recovery time: Soft tissue lasers seal off blood vessels as they go. This means that you will experience reduced bleeding, swelling, and post-treatment sensitivity. Studies in the last decade have even demonstrated that lasers can stimulate more rapid wound healing in surrounding tissue.
Improved safety: Unlike handheld dental tools, lasers do not transmit bacteria. Additionally, these state-of-the-art devices actually kill bacteria during treatment. Laser dentistry has virtually eliminated the risk of infection.
Most cosmetic dental treatments take a few months at most. However, if you need orthodontic treatment, it could take 12 to 18 months to see the final results.
If you are going to receive dental implants, it will take about six months for your gums to heal completely. Your dentist can provide a temporary restoration to wear as you wait.
Many cosmetic treatments take about two weeks to complete. Typically, you will receive porcelain veneers, crowns, and bridges in this time frame. At-home teeth whitening also lasts approximately 14 days.
Just like the timeline for treatment, recovery time varies for each patient. In most cases, however, you should experience minimal discomfort. Any gum tenderness or inflammation can typically be controlled with non-prescription pain medication. You will typically be able to return to work and your normal routine the day after your smile makeover.
Once all procedures are complete, and your restorations are in place, you will immediately enjoy the results of your treatment. These effects could include:
If you received one or more restorations during your smile makeover, you could enjoy additional improvements in your comprehensive oral health. These results include:
With proper care, the results of your smile makeover could last the rest of your life. Fortunately, maintenance is easy and typically requires little more than standard dental care.
The best way to maintain your bright new smile is to exercise good dental habits at home. You should brush your teeth at least twice a day and floss at least once. Although brushing after meals is preferable, you should wait at least 30 minutes after eating. If you brush too early, you will only rub acid and bits of food into your enamel. Antibacterial mouth wash can also help to prevent decay.
Even if you have outstanding dental hygiene, you cannot remove plaque and tartar from your teeth. Therefore, to prevent decay, discoloration, and gum disease, you should schedule biannual cleanings and exams. These visits will also give your dentist a chance to check on your restorations and make any necessary adjustments.
When you do eat these foods, be sure to drink plenty of water and rinse out your mouth after eating.
Smile makeovers are very low-risk procedures. Each separate procedure does have a very slight chance of unfavorable complications. However, undergoing more than one cosmetic dental treatment does not increase your risks. Your cosmetic dentist will review the potential side effects of each procedure before your treatment. Rest assured that when you receive a smile makeover from an experienced practitioner, these risks are almost negligible.
Additionally, porcelain veneers are temporary, and you will eventually need to replace your restorations. Nevertheless, with proper care and the services of an outstanding cosmetic dentist, your veneers could last a decade or more.
Teeth whitening may cause some sensitivity. However, this usually goes away within a few days, and anti-sensitivity toothpaste can help to alleviate your discomfort. If you already suffer from dental sensitivity, your practitioner may recommend in-office whitening. This will enable him or her to monitor your treatment and prevent unwanted side effects.
Additionally, it is safe to get multiple whitening treatments. However, bleaching your teeth too often can lead to enamel erosion and long-term sensitivity. For optimal safety, you should only undergo touch-up treatments with the approval of your dentist.
Gum contouring is an extremely low-risk procedure, especially when an experienced cosmetic dentist performs the treatment. However, some side effects could include swelling, bleeding, and adverse reactions to local anesthesia. Soft tissue lasers can significantly reduce these risks and speed your recovery.
The primary risk of dental contouring is excessive enamel removal. However, when performed by a qualified practitioner, this treatment is virtually risk-free.
Dental crowns can pose several risks. These include nerve damage, excessive removal of tooth structure, infection, and bite misalignment. Again, however, these risks are extremely unlikely when you choose a qualified dentist. Post-treatment sensitivity is not uncommon. However, this side effect usually fades within a few days, and you can usually control it with mild pain medication.
The biggest risk of dental implants is implant failure, which occurs when your body rejects the implant. However, you can take several steps to reduce this risk. At your initial consultation, be upfront with your dentist about any medications you are taking. Additionally, choose an implant specialist who uses advanced imaging technology. These tools can help him or her determine the optimal placement for your posts. Implants are regarded for their remarkably high success rate. With proper preparation, you could enjoy your newly enhanced smile for life.
There is no limit to the amount of treatments you can include. You may find that two or three procedures is enough to meet your needs. However, your dentist will advise you about the best way to achieve your aesthetic goals.
I'm still nervous, and I want sedation. How do I know which method is right for me?
Your choice of sedation will depend on your personal anxiety level, the procedures you are going to undergo, and your dentist's own preferences. Since cosmetic treatments typically involve minimal discomfort, you may find that nitrous oxide or a mild oral sedative is sufficient. However, if you are struggling with acute anxiety, stronger doses of oral or IV sedation can induce a "twilight sleep."
Is professional teeth whitening really better than over-the-counter methods?
Definitely! Professional whitening has more dramatic effects than do-it-yourself treatments. Additionally, many store-bought options are unregulated and may contain harmful amounts of peroxide. If you do choose to purchase drugstore whitening products, you should only select those that have the American Dental Academy Seal of Approval.
If you have severe bite misalignment, cosmetic treatment is not the solution for you. You should consult with an orthodontist or maxillofacial surgeon to determine the optimal treatment for your needs. After you have undergone orthodontic treatment, however, you may be an excellent candidate for a smile makeover.
Am I too old for a smile makeover?
There is no age limit for cosmetic dentistry. As long as you have generally good dental health, and you can safely undergo the desired procedures, you should be able to receive a smile makeover.

26 Fleur-De-Lis Market - The Frenchtown District activities include antiques, collectibles, artists, exhibitors, food and beverage booths, street dancing, music, kids Korner and living history re-enactors. It all happens from 10am 'til 7pm.
10 - 12 Festival of the Little HIlls - The largest festival of the year, drawing more than 300,000 visitors over the 3-day weekend. Activities include over 300 craft booths, with some demonstrations by crafts people and artisans. Also includes numerous food & beverages booths along with live music and other entertainment.
7 - 9 Mosaics - Festival for the Arts - A major arts festival that brings renowned artists from across the States to exhibit and sell their artwork. 125 artists - paintings, sculpture, photography, metalwork, wearable art, clay and fine arts; including jewelry, glass, and fiber. Enjoy outstanding musical groups at performing stages, unique hands on activities in the Children's Village, Artists Demonstration Stage, and "Mentor Me" art exhibition from area schools' students & teachers at the Foundry Art Centre. Times: Friday 4-9pm; Saturday 11am-9pm; Sunday 11-5pm.
We currently do not have any events for St. Charles, Missouri in our database. If you know of events taking place, please add the event
Six Flags St. Louis is one of the state's most thrilling theme parks and water parks (free with theme park admission). The wa...

The online Master of Christian Education is a professional program designed for working educators who wish to pursue an advanced degree while continuing to serve in their current position. Emphasis is placed on improving your quality of instruction, assessment, and supervision based upon a thoroughly biblical philosophy of education.
Coursework is offered in a combination of 8-week and 16-week online courses with on-campus summer modules. Students may begin the program at any time.
3 credit hours, 5-day on-campus module (3rd week in June)
3 credit hours, 5-day on-campus module (4th week in June)
A course designed to explore and analyze the many methods used to teach. Special attention will be given to the methods used by the “Master Teacher,” the Lord Jesus Christ.
Examines the role of teachers and administrators being educational leaders within their schools and communities. Students will study the Biblical definition of leadership. The class will also examine varying leadership theories and current research on the topic.
Introduces the student to education research by exposing the nature, planning, methods, design, approach, application, and veracity of educational research project.
Introduction to the characteristics of an effective administrator, Emphasis on the development of organization materials (manuals, handbooks, etc.), guidelines for discipline, teacher recruiting and evaluating, and curriculum design.
Explores the factors affecting the development of a Christian school curriculum and presents the procedures for establishing curriculum design. Students will study and develop curriculum scope and sequence improvement through critical analysis and research of present practice and philosophies.
Examines the direction and training of a class so time can be invested in instruction so that will actively involve students in the learning process. Educational psychology theories will be examined in the light of Scripture.
Examines a Christian’s biblical responsibility to honor civil government while protecting local church-related ministries from legal entanglement. Practical information regarding compliance to health and safety regulations is presented. Emphasis is placed upon the educator’s legal responsibility with regard to the safety and welfare of students.
Explores the theory and construction of well-designed educational assessments that yield valid and reliable measures of the teaching and learning process. Research in the field of educational assessment will be explored.
For more information, see the Statement of Faith.

On April 19, 2015 May 2, 2015 By wkomathyIn Basketball

Ceramic artist and designer Eszter Imre, who has previously created a range of porcelain cups with silicon rings, has now injected a sci-fi element into her design work with thisStar Wars-inspired collection. Cups for the Empire are porcelain cups for those who like to enjoy the dark side of their coffee or tea.
The idea behind this collection came from her partner, who is obsessed with Star Wars. He is part of an international organization called the 501st Legion, which has over 6,000 members who enjoy dressing up as Star Wars bad guys. Divided into garrisons covering different geographical areas, the Legion aims to help good causes in local communities, with members appearing in costume and collecting donations for charities.
She made these cups as a gift for him to practice the other big passion in his life: drinking coffee. The design of the cups is minimalist yet effective in the way it pays tribute to the iconic Stormtrooper helmet. The look was inspired by the black-and-white costume, which has a rounded shape and a black line across the forehead.

Monday, July 9 to Friday, July 13 from 9:00am – 5:00pm
We don’t know if that’s a real word, but we DO know that you’re going to have an EXTREMELY awesome VBS teaching kids about why God wants each of us to be OVERLOADED with CONFIDENCE.
(Food, Video Presentation, Free Time)
Ready to get AMPED? Take a look below to find some answers to some common questions.
Click on the question to reveal the answer!
Vacation Bible School Summer Day Camp will be happening at Christ Church’s West Campus located on 140 Green Pond Road, Rockaway, NJ from Monday, July 9 to Friday, July 13. To assist our families’ work schedules better, drop-off will be between 8:45am–9:15am and pickup will be promptly at 5pm.
Who will provide care and oversight for my children while at Vacation Bible School?
Good news! Kidtropolis will be providing much more than care for your children at Vacation Bible School — we will also be providing an age-appropriate, spiritual experience! Our staff is filled with true lovers of Christ who are not only trained to work with children, but are also appropriately interviewed, background checked, and hand chosen to work with your children.
What is the cost of Vacation Bible School?
Early bird registration is $30 for the first child and $15 for each sibling after that
Early bird registration is from April 1 – May 1
Registration after May 1 is $40 for the first child and $25 for each sibling
Is there a cap on registrations?
No. We desire to accommodate all who wish to attend, however we do close registration one week prior to VBS so that we can plan and prepare the most effective program possible for the kids.
How old does my child have to be in order to attend Vacation Bible School?
Our Vacation Bible School Summer Day Camp program has been specifically designed and geared toward schoolchildren from 5 to 11 years old only.
Will you accept walk-up/same-day registration?
No. Due to proper child/staff ratios we cannot accept same-day registration at Vacation Bible School Summer Day Camp. Christ Church has a requirement to abide by state guidelines regarding the handling of large numbers of children and adults. Therefore, to ensure that all of these requirements are met, all participants must be preregistered by the deadline provided.
What if my child does not attend Christ Church?
Our Vacation Bible School Summer Day Camp is open to all children who would like to attend and we welcome any child regardless of prior church attendance.
Once registered one of our staff members will contact you to talk further about the needs of your child. Also, if you would like to discuss whether VBS is a good fit for your child before you register, please contact us at klewis@christchurchusa.org.
Will my child receive lunch and snacks at Vacation Bible School Summer Day Camp?
No. While we are happy to provide two small snacks (AM and PM) for each child, we are requesting parents provide a packed lunch every day for each child to prevent any allergies or dietary issues. Please still alert us to any possible allergies on your registration form so that we can be aware.
In the example listed, you would enroll your child in 2nd grade.
What if my child is currently in, or has just completed, 5th grade?
At Christ Church, we will promote your child to 6th grade prior to VBS in July, therefore they will not be eligible. For more information, please contact us at klewis@christchurchusa.org for more information about our Middle School program.
No. Everything will take place on our campus.
No. We open our facility for children to be checked-in as early as 8:45am up until 9:15am. We cannot receive children before this time.
Please pick your child/children up promptly at 5pm as we do not have any extended care available beyond this time. Failure to do so may result in additional costs.
Can I be with my child at Vacation Bible School?
Yes. Parents are welcome at all times to be a part of the Vacation Bible School experience, however, if you need to be with your child throughout the week, we ask that you go through a standard background check in order to participate with their group. Our background procedures are required for all individuals 18 and over to ensure a safe and secure environment.
We understand that during events such as Vacation Bible School that multiple people may be handling the transportation of the children – however in-person verbal parental permission is required.
You may transfer your pickup slip to another adult who may be picking the child up, however, we will not accept phone calls, emails, or text messages of permission.
How do I register for Vacation Bible School?

At the opening ceremony of the exhibition that took place October 2nd Illan Pappe expressed that the Nakba denial mostly stems from the fact that it has been difficult to “obtain confirmation of the truth from those who carried it out.”
Another video monitor shows testimonies, called “hearsay testimonies”, by members of the second and third generation (including children of combatants) who heard the stories about the Nakba from the first generation.

I did not, nor do not, spend time in the office cold calling potential clients. I am out in the street looking for them. This strategy has meant that I would generate deals of all types and all over the Denver metropolitan area.
I would like to share with you some of the learning generated from my case studies.
We had not determined her fee. She did. All we asked was that she design the interiors to be within the budget. She ignored that essential element. Further, she refused to fix her error.
When you are confronted with an opportunity don’t hesitate. Analyze it and decide, but understand that service providers need to be vetted.
I recommend speaking with five developers or construction companies to find service providers who will do what they agreed to do on time and on budget.
I found a 6,250 square foot lot in the Berkeley neighborhood for an investor. At that time there had not been any new townhome development there. We were breaking new ground. As a result, there were no comps for sales prices, price per square foot (PSF), and the total square footage of the units. We did not have a clear idea of what the characteristics of the townhomes should be so that they best met customer needs.
We hired an architect to design cantilevered townhomes. We chose to do this because it was a way to maximize the square footage of each of the units. After all, we had the space, why not fill it up, right?
I have a client who owns property in Denver, Frederick, and other sites in Colorado. He is a small businessman who, over the years, has accumulated over $10m in real estate assets. He is also very determined and knows what he wants.
In discussions one-day, he advised me that he had an approved plat for a 40-acre residential development site in Frederick, Colorado. He said to me, “I want $1m for the property. Sell it.”
Sometimes owners of assets don’t understand the total value of the property they hold, especially with regard to mineral rights. This was our case.
My client was receiving $75 per month from an oil company that had oil production on adjacent plots. I called another client with whom I had done several deals and asked him how to discover if the mineral rights of this property had any value. He agreed to help me. He researched the Colorado oil maps and discovered that the site had more income potential than my client had been receiving.
The seller’s ability to give information is critical. If he does not know the details of the value of his property the sales transaction will be less than optimal.
Your network of contacts can prove to be of great value. Treat it as such. Maintain contact. Provide them with value and when time comes to call on them their reaction will be positive.
We put together a group of investors for the development of six townhomes on a 6,250sf lot in the Sunnyside neighborhood. The investor group wanted to hire an experienced commercial builder who had built many office buildings.
The construction of the project was well-organized, timely, and very professional. They were very good to work with. However, we did encounter a problem with the storm drainage system because the architect failed to design adequate infrastructure for the back-up generator for the pump.
Once that was overcome, we discovered that the GC’s idea of appropriate finishes for a townhome project is different from ours and our target buyer segment. His budgeted numbers looked good, but when we reviewed the finishes we had to start over. This failure on our part to perform a detailed review of the finishes prior to approval of the final budget caused delays and added costs.
Be certain to know exactly what they will include in their budget and the cost. There are hardwood floors and then there are appropriate hardwood floors.
As far as architects go, they needed to be monitored at every step. Question why they propose what they propose. The GC must review their designs in process and the final product with them.
With recent changes to the Denver zoning code, the City Council, in its own inimitable way, has had a negative impact on some property values, limited development options for a City in need of more housing, and driven up the cost for projects that are approved. Its new requirements for “slot homes” is incomprehensible. Once again, the law of “Unintended Consequences” rules.
But this case study is not about that unfortunate event. Instead, I would like to continue with the theme of the management of service providers, especially architects and the City inspectors.
Our investor group built the project and negotiated a contract with a buyer who was planning on doing a 1031 Exchange with a property he had in Glendale. 1031 Exchanges are time-bound. That is, the transactions must be completed with certain timeframes so that they are eligible for Federal income tax benefit.
In addition, the Gemini project had a “residential fire suppression system,” and not commercial.
Meanwhile, our 1031-bound purchaser had to renegotiate his purchase contract with our investor group in order to comply with the 1031 eligibility requirements. This resulted in many tense meetings with significant tax implications hanging in the balance.
When dealing with inspectors, document everything they say. Double check their decisions to ensure that at the CO there are no surprises.
LoHi is one of the hottest development sites in Denver. It is located on the northwest side of I-25 and a short walk to LoDo and downtown Denver. It has many new apartment, condo, and townhome projects and is attracting a younger, more affluent buyer who work in the surrounding area.
Our project was a 12-unit townhome development with one, two, and three-bedroom units. We knew that the units had to be appropriate for the target buyer segment so some design details were more complex and expensive. We wanted to create a project that stood out from the rest.
In spite of all these problems, the investors received a 100% return on their out-of-pocket investment.
• Be careful with “over-building.” Some ideas might appear to be dramatic and appealing to buyers, but if they don’t bring real value to the buyers save your money and build less.
Be careful with “over-building.” Some ideas might appear to be dramatic and appealing to buyers, but if they don’t bring real value to the buyers save your money and build less.
And it is not just one office or one authority that can cause headaches. It can be many: traffic, water and sewer, zoning, engineering, or the many various building inspectors.
Imagine that you have 12 families ready to move in on the same day and the Denver Department of Wastewater Management inspector arrives and says, “I do not like the type of drain tile you installed in the driveway. Take it out and replace it with this type.”
Denver Wastewater changed its mind at the final inspection (storm drainage). The inspector insisted upon two inches of elevation change of the driveway, although he had approved the installation when it was done. This meant that the entire driveway had to be torn out and replaced. The drain tiles were not available in Colorado. I had to fly to Phoenix, rent a truck, buy 8,000 pounds of concrete tiles, and drive back to Denver overnight so that the families could move in on the date promised.
Include money and time contingencies in your budget. Do not be surprised if a city inspector changes his mind at the last minute.
Have you ever driven west on West Colfax Avenue from Federal Boulevard to Sheridan Street and counted the number of used car lots? Eight are present. Have you ever looked at the types of retail shops there? You’ll see bathhouses, tattoo parlors, low-end restaurants, and fast food outlets—the makings of the type of retail neighborhood common in the 1970s.
Would you build apartments, condos, or townhomes there? We decided to do just that.
When the closure of St. Anthony’s Hospital was announced and its grounds were put up for sale, I knew change was coming. I immediately approached my investor groups to gauge their interest in pursuing a project near there, and one of them saw what I saw. I then went in search of a property and found d purchased several parcels that totaled 18,750-square-foot.
I knew that Colfax Avenue could not remain the same. The City and County of Denver had created the West Colfax Business Improvement District (WCBID), and the federal government had made it an “Opportunity Zone (OZ),” with all of the benefits that come with that designation. Three light rail stops exist within a mile, and Sloan’s Lake is two blocks away.
We knew where to buy land and what price to pay. Seems obvious, right? Then why has development not accelerated at the pace it did in LOHI? Our project is located on the south side of Colfax. Our project is at the right price point in a neighborhood where prices are going to increase—and rapidly.
Understand the neighborhoods and the changes that are being driven. Get to know the geographical limits of that neighborhood and where the economic drivers might weaken.
Perhaps most importantly, our investor’s risk tolerance was perfect for the deal. He understood the pluses and minuses in great detail and was very comfortable with his decision. You should too.
If you or your investor partner has a queasy stomach, keep looking.
As you build these projects, incorporate the information you have learned into the designs. We have learned after dealing with almost 90 townhome units that no one wants to put a hot tub on a rooftop deck. Don’t waste the money to handle it. Second, we used to offer multiple variations for the interior décor. This just adds cost and supplier and construction complications, and it often brings delays, as purchasers delay their decisions.
That’s it for now. In the very near future I will continue with my blog posts. There is lots of learning to benefit from. Don’t make my mistakes. If you want to discuss them and how to avoid them for your project, give me a call. I’m available for coffee.

The right face is blue; the left, black; and the center, red.
He (I) sits on the cushion of the Sun-Moon-Lotus Wheel.
In front of me is the Buddha of the Vase,
In the center of his heart there is a Sun Disc,
Thus should one meditate, also reciting the incantation as much as he can. Then the disciples should gather near the Mandala and offer flowers and food. If conditions permit, it is desirable to conduct a complete performance, including the preparation ritual with offerings, confessions, consecration, and exorcising. [p. 84}
"From the Buddhas of the three times
Down to the lowest animals, the insects and worms,
All should be wise to keep good relations with the
King of Death, the Life-eater, the powerful one!
I pray to all the Buddhas in the three times,
I pray Thee to grant me the Initiation.
(Repeat three times. Then the disciples should recite the prayer of taking the Three Refuges and the confession, and so on).
I confess all the sins that I have committed. [p. 86}
I shall take refuge in the Three Precious Ones,
I will serve all sentient beings as their servant.
For the benefit of sentient beings,
I offer my heart in the pursuit of Bodhi-Fruit.
The right face, blue; the left, black; and the center, red.
And sit on the Lotus-cushion of the Sun-Moon disc.
5. Land of Self-nature: Reality, the eternal world.
I pray you to come down here and to bless these faithful and gifted disciples!
Thus they may be freed from all the causes of accidental and untimely death [7].
(He places the Vase on the heads of the disciples and baptizes them.)
This is the complete body of the Red Yama.
By him, the Four Initiations are given to you. [p. 88} Pray! that you will attain all the accomplishments of the Four Initiations.
8. Four Performances: (1) to subdue ominous evils; (2) to increase whatever is auspicious, such as Wisdom and Merits; (3) to gain the power to attract human beings and animals; (4) to uproot and finally conquer various stubborn evils.
(Recite this incantation three times.)
(At the same time, the Guru places the shell on the four centers [chakras] of the disciples.)
Whatever you have admonished us, we shall all obey and practice.
Good wishes to all sentient beings.

I'm at the point where I'd rather lose potential income rather than let these deadbeats step all over me. I'm realizing that this is common thing in our industry: clients who love being helped but inversely hate paying for it. It's like an algebra equation from hell. Help = _Payment_.
People are well finnicky when you ask something back from them. Something as simple as telling a user to log a ticket will suddenly make their "urgent issue" turn into something they can easily resolve themselves.
Imagine if you had worded it differently, will do work and then bill him, but then he didnt pay because he was tangled up in legal issues.... that certainly wouldn't be more favourable.
I think you handled it perfectly and wouldn't change a thing.
Thinking that changing your behavior is going to change his behavior is like trying to push a rope. In the end, you just don't have that much control over him.
This. I've gotten to the point whereby if I receive an email directly to my email address regarding a support request, I simply reply with "Raise a Ticket" in bold, italic, underlined size 72 red font. I'm not even joking, this is what I do now. Internal users have been told enough times and it is written in the company handbook, which they have signed.
A customer who doesn’t pay is not a customer. Charity work is only acceptable if you know you’re not going to get paid and you are OK with it going in.
When I was in the printing business, we had good pay and slow pay. No Pay = No stay.
You were not going to get paid regardless ... the difference is that this time you did not allow him to take advantage of you.
One thing not mentioned is that if a client is already delinquent on payment for services rendered, and asks for more help. You probably should withhold that service until payment is made. I have heard several stories of clients behind on payment and then all of sudden having an emergency. My cousins a plumber, many stories of deadbeats.
How much do you value your time? A deadbeat siphons away productive use of your time.
A. Never extend your valuable time if you already know they are free loaders.
B. If they are behind on payment, collect before you proceed with any help.
C. Get a square account and immediately bill their credit card each time you do work.
If you do ABC you will find that you have amazing customers that can profitably build your company.
I've been self-employed since 1988. and have had very, very few deadbeats. The three I had were easily dealt with but the latest meant going to court. I'm still in the process and it sucks. Taking someone you considered a friend to court is just not nice.
My best practice is to do two things:
1. Ensure the client is not a deadbeat. Take references, etc and ask around before you take the gig.
2. Do not be afraid to a) chase and b) take them to court.
I would have phrased my reply just a little differently, but you did the right thing. Once a customer gets to that point with you, you have to cover yourself.
Well done. Paying a deposit is just one "hoop" your clients should jump through, before they get the privilege of working with you. Deposits are very effective at filtering out deadbeats.
If someone isn't willing to pay a deposit and sign a basic contract in exchange for professional IT service, you can be sure that they are NOT serious about your time or the valuable service you provide. And good luck to them finding someone on Craigslist, or hiring a friend's nephew who "does computers" to work on their company server!
Based on your post, it sounds like you may not be totally comfortable with collecting payments from clients. If that's the case, may I suggest you watch this presentation called "F*ck you, pay me!" It's targeted at creative professionals, but the speaker is hilarious and many of his points apply to our industry as well:
Any "project" work should have a SOW which is agreed to by both parties. An SOW doesn't necessarily mean a 15 page document, but you do need to cover the basics:
Costs (hourly, flat fee, overtime, travel costs, etc)
Estimated amount of time it will take (see above point)
Any other terms (general work hours, materials to be provided by you or client, if work will be done on-site or remotely, etc)
Basically, make a contract, see Elements of a contract for the basics that should be in each new engagement that you undertake.
Many contracted IT shops have pre-buy programs where you purchase a block of hours ahead of time, and then use them up and have to buy another block. This not only protects the contractor from non-payment, but filters out the riff-raff who are scraping spare change together to get IT services still whine about the bill, the rate, the terms, and then when they've exhausted all else, they disparage your services.
This becomes a toxic customer who not only isn't paying, but they're bad-mouthing your services. It's OK to fire these customers.
They may say the customer is always right, but if they're not paying they're not customers.
I call it 'time waster tax' and there is nothing wrong with pricing the client into the work, good clients who take advice save money in the long run, bad clients who ignore good advice tend to cost you money on any timeline you care to mention.
I think you did everything you could to protect yourself and your time. Set your own terms and if people (who have a questionable reputation regarding payment) don't like it, then their behavior cannot affect you in any negative way. As far as your follow up question, I still wouldn't budge on your terms. If you worked a certain amount of hours, you should be paid for those hours.
Many years ago, a friend put it in succinct terms for me:
"If I'm not going to get paid, I'd be better off sitting on my back porch with a beer."
A deposit, down payment or another up front fee such as an "evaluation fee" is a good way to weed a lot of this out. Most of those that are looking for free or cheap help will walk away when they know they have to pay a portion up front.
Yeah, there is a line you need to draw in the sand, and it sounds like this guy kicked your sand all over the place (no clue where I am going with that analogy).
When I did freelance\\personal work, we required payment up front (or deposit with contract signed that we would bill the rest on completion for bigger jobs) to anyone that we had not done work with before, and for the most part, didn't have a history built up of at least 6-12 months. Once you cleared that mark, we would allow work first then payment on a case by case basis (some places were great, some still got hit with deposits because they couldn't figure out where their checkbook was).
End of the day, you tried to play ball with him, it didn't work well, so you tried a different way, and he didn't like it.
Unfortunately putting up walls is a great way to make sure nobody ever wants to work with you. There are plenty of people out there that will take the risk of ending up with a deadbeat just to secure a customer. Vetting clients heavily is great in a hypothetical situation but they're just going to think you're wasting their time and leave.
If you're doing it on the side, sure, this is viable. If freelance work is your main source of income, asking people to jump through hoops to have the pleasure of working with your royal ass won't work because they'll just go find someone else with less hoops and no god complex. Stick to asking for deposits and don't hand your clients an interview style questionnaire and you'll be fine.
Right now, I only do personal work for people I know I can tell "Pay me what you think is fair," and they'll either give me an amount of money we're both good with or owe me a favor of equivalent value to me. I don't do any work for anyone I'm not certain is good for it.
If I did work for more people, they would 1) pay me an up-front deposit, and 2) sign a waiver A. releasing me from all future liability after pickup, and B. forfeiting their device until I received full payment.
I have always taken the approach that I won't do anything more for non-payers, but have avoided going in and harming their current systems in any way. I will even forward to them any emails I receive about renewals coming up, etc., at least for a year or two. Just because I have the ability to go in and hurt their IT systems does not make it wise, or ethical.
For the most part, these policies have reduced conflict with customers by making it very clear that we are serious about getting paid promptly. The reality is that some clients do occasionally miss the 15 day window, but if they are steady clients we skip the penalty. The aggressive position does scare some people away, but when we do accept a new client, they know our payment expectations up front.
As far as passwords and accounts go, when we break ties with a customer for any reason, all of that information is turned over to the customer. We use passwords that are randomly generated and have differing lengths, so giving up passwords is inconsequential.

Reserve your space ASAP as we're filling up fast!!!
Also, we are happy to provide on-site fruit and ice carving training for corporations, organizations, hotels, cooking schools and interested groups of individuals where possible.
This is a great way to train staff on your premises without interrupting business as part of a larger training package or seminar.
Fruit and Ice carving is something everyone can learn. Whether you are an aspiring chef, wishing to add to your culinary food art skills or someone with some free time who wants to learn a skill that will impress friends, family and dinner guests, fruit and ice carving is an easy art to learn.

All my latest race reports and new's can be read here.
2017 will be a busy year on a personal front for me in that Natasha my lovely Fiancee are tying the knot in July, but before that are expecting our first child in February. We and our family are excited beyond belief, and can't wait for the next episode of our lives to start.
Meantime, back on the Racing front, Team Flitwick are currently fianalising our plans for the next Season, which will be on us probably quicker than we think.
See the diary tab to see the dates and venues- we would be delighted if you can join us .the kettles always on- just look for the Grey Flitwick Truck.....
Unfortunately due to a Server host crash my site was down whilst we moved hosts and recovered this website. This has now been done, and although my dsite is back up and running, unfortunately some of the old news archives have sadly been lost and not recovered. News between 2010 and 2015 has been most affected, so if you are looking for something during that period you may not find what you are looking for.
Well that’s another Season over, this time with no major injuries to report, despite a high speed crash at the Ulster grand prix, a couple of weeks before the Classic TT.
It was a mixed year of results, getting good consistent top three placing on board the little K4 at the CRMC meetings, and finishing third in the 350 twin Championship, just 18 points behind Alan Oversby at the end of the Season.
I also won the Classic Club Race of the year Trophy on the same machine. Brother David finished 4th in the 350 European championship, which runs concurrently alongside the 350 twin class- well done to him.
On the 500, I was this year invited to ride in the Grand prix class, whereas our Enfield is a clubman machine. This upped the ante somewhat from 2015, and despite a win at the beginning of the season, some dnfs and missed rounds due to the Ulster and Classic TT saw me finish in 5th place in the championship.
Meantime I am pleased to announce that Natasha and I are expecting our first child in February, so expect to see us about next year with our newest Team member..
We set off for one of the furthest meeting points from our base in Bedfordshire on Friday night, with the Weather forecast dire.
The last time I rode at this circuit was in 2010, so I know it would be a tall ask to ride as I had then, as I couldn't remember a thing about the track!
Saturday morning dawned at the Weather was still wet, heavy rain clouds and high winds. We managed to get the awning up in the rain, but the whole Team was completely soaked through to the skin by that point.
By this time there were 40 mph winds and the rain was frankly horizontal, so it was a good call.
The upside was that we all got early dinner, and some much needed sleep, and the bikes were all prepped and ready for the Sunday.
Unfortunately the first race saw seven riders go down on the wet and still windy circuit, and delays followed throughout the day in this vein.
My first race was the 350 on the K4, and as I was leading the championship by 31 points, ahead of Simon Walsh and Alan Oversby, I was anxious to get a good couple of results under my belt to strengthen my lead.
With just one more race on the 350 I knew that it would be difficult to maintain the championship lead, as my main rivals were ahead on the grid, but I finished 3rd in class, so on my reckoning Simon Walsh and I are now on joint points of 249, with Alan on 216, and it's everything to play for at Donnington.
The Enfield is a fantastic bike to ride, and Dads' developement is second to none, however it is a push rod single never designed to be anywhere near the speeds of the Super Grand prix race bred class. So it has always been fun to show what we as a Team are capable of doing on what is considered a Road going Machine. after the last round at Cadwell I was currently running 4th in the Championship.
With three races due on the Sunday, I was hoping to maintain that placing. With an eighth, plus two 4th places I did that, and am now just 2 points from the third place Man Mike Cooper, who had a disastrous weekend on the 500, three dnfs.
Brother David had a good weekend, improving his times on both bikes, and finishing in the top ten on the 500 for the first time this year. He is currently running third in the 350 European class.
We are all off the Chimay Classic races in Belgium next week, with racing on the 16th and 1the July, and I am pleased to say that Dad will be riding his Vintage 350 Bullet for the first time in 25 years...So all three Linsdells out again in the same meeting..bring it on!
Despite competing largely against multi-cylinder Japanese machines from the 1970’s, Linsdell is able to look back proudly on a season where he was headed just once by a machine from his class.
So, the last month of the winter break saw me gradually becoming more and more excited for my twelfth season racing - it couldn't come soon enough! With some new ideas about my approach to riding in 2015 I was sure that there were some big improvements to be made and some more enjoyment to be had in our build up toward the perfect 2015 Classic TT - from both me and the Royal Enfield Bullet.......
Arriving at Pembrey and doing the three aforementioned sessions didn't fill me with a huge amount of confidence because the wind, combined with the annoying constant light rain and freezing conditions never let up, and put me into a downer about spending the next couple of days pussy footing around and having no fun. Luckily this feeling only lasted until the following morning when I opened the blind over the roof light and accidentally blinded poor little Natasha, much to her dismay (but my delight..). From then on I was ready to take on the world, and couldn't wait to really get my teeth into racing again, after a long hard winter.
This is about as far apart from one another as we got in the ACU National race...
So, on to Cadwell Park for round two, and although it's not a circuit I've raced at since 2009, it's one that I love and seemed to suit the Enfield well the last time out. If I can return the same sort of performance again, but six years later, I should be ballpark lap time wise.
I've also got some exciting bikes that go ring a ding ding to ride there too, courtesy of the very kind Andrew Sumner. But I'll keep you waiting until then to see what they are and in which classes, but they are both new builds and we can't expect miracles. This means that I'll almost not be able to sit still all weekend, with 18 races over the two day meeting. Best get to the gym.........
I have been racing now for twelve years and last year was a tough one. A combined pressure of work, buying our first home, and time restraints meant I was always on the back foot, and to be honest for those reasons I did not enjoy the season quite as much as I usually do.
It is therefore, after discussion with my beloved Fiancee Natasha, my Family, Team and I have decided that it is best to just have fun this year with no pressure, and I am therefore scaling back my racing to the CRMC Classic meetings plus the Classic TT in August.
So for the first time in seven years, I will not be competing at the TT in June....now where are those gardening gloves.....
Olie had problems with the little 125 nipping up during the warmup, and with the classic race immidiately after, the grid was held to allow him to take his place on pole for the start.
In the words of the Belfast Telegraph, with thanks, this is what happened:
Heading to Italy, I was very aware that this would be my first modern race since the accident at the Manx.
The 848 challenge is a series mainly in the UK, but with a couple of the series abroad. The current regular rider, Steve couldnt make Monza, hence my good fortune.
First of all I must offer my sincere apologies for being so bad at keeping you all up to date..... Things have been really tough in 2011, first of all overcoming the injuries sustained at the Manx GP, and then trying to come to terms with suddenly only having classic racing, instead of complimenting it with riding Superbikes and Supersport bikes at places like the TT and northwest etc.
Don't get me wrong, I love everything about Classic racing as both an engineer and a rider, but I need my modern fix too! Combine that with my two early crashes at the start of the season (it would seem that 23 is the age that you stop just bouncing, everything hurts!) and a meeting that saw me break down in every session and maybe you can see why I perhaps fell out of love with racing slightly.
As soon as I was home from the Northwest I started training again and have now decided I will enter the UGP on the 600, a Classic, and hopefully a 125 and 250.
I have also agreed to a ride on Andy Kirkwood's 848 Ducati for a one off event at Monza this weekend (9th & 10th July)- thank you so much Andy! I must also extend my appreciation to Steve and Sarah Jordan for allowing me to ride a bike that Steve has otherwise inherited for the year.
I was at Mallory park on Saturday just gone, to familiarise myself with the Ducati, and started learning how to ride a modern bike, with modern tyres and brakes on a short circuit again - the last time I did it in anger was in 2008 Superstock 600!
I will update on my antics early next week, so check back soon.................
Despite my' early tip off, I got my head down and went on to win three out of the four Group 2 races on the Seeley Bullet but finished 2nd in the other after a slow start just after Davids crash. Tyre warmers are banned with the classic club, so this time I made sure I warmed the tyres before cracking on!
The group 2 bikes now run with the 1300 bikes so I had my work cut out but finished the last race 2nd overall with a fastest lap of 58.7 seconds- not far behind Gary Thwaites, who doesn't hang about. This also knocked about 4 seconds off the lap record for my class, at Mallry, so far so good.
Meantime back to the physio now for some work on my shoulder, then roll on the next round- can't wait!
Well, I think its about time I give you all some up to date news and happenings regarding my injuries and recent (exciting!) activities in my racing world. However, the first thing that needs to be done is to wish you all a happy new year. I hope you had a good Christmas break, andI thank for your continued support.
As far as my recovery following my Manx GP crash goes all looks very good, Im back in full-time work and everything seems to be going smoothly, continuing my trend of beating doctors expectations.
The head injuries are (touch wood) showing no real lasting side effects and my physical injuries are still improving. One of the main problems has been my left shoulder following the dislocation, with limited movement and very little strength,but it is now however good enough to swim breaststroke and Ive recently been informed that there is infact no need for any further surgery. Life is at last beginning to get back to normal, and its about time (the worst year of my life  by far!). Fingers crossed now for an appointment about my road driving license in the next few days and then the real training can begin!
Id like to pass on my thanks to Trev and Wendy for their fantastic hospitality, it was great to be back over, and my very best wishes to said team boss for a quick and full recovery.
The other bit of exciting news regarding racing is that Ive been back on a bike for the first time since the accident, which is just over four months! Call us mad, but myself and Danny Imberg set off to Mallory park on the 2nd January where I completed 3 sessions on his Kawasaki ZX6R without any problems. I seemed to be as fast as ever immediately, despite the less than warm conditions. It set many minds at rest and has brought me back to life thank god.
Now there is just the less than easy task of getting enough financial backing and bringing my condition back to the top of its game, in readiness for the 2011 season start.
Finally I feel more comfortable writing a few words to thank all of the well wishers for their support since my Manx GP accident and also better about publishing them to my website! Being a bit of a perfectionist when it comes to certain things is a complete curse after a bang on the head!
After I woke up there is a gap of about two weeks where I cannot remember a thing- even though Ive heard a lot of stories! There is also a gap for about a month beforehand including Armoy and the Ulster GP. Mum stayed at my aunts house in Liverpool and was joined by Dad at times and Kirsty who remained loyal, spending two separate weeks there despite us not having been together all year.
Initial recovery went well with my shoulder and knee relocated, and operations to sort the knee wound and lung. I finally returned home on the 5th of October.
Since I have been at home recovery has progressed well and Im now starting to enter the real world.
The physical wounds still have some way to go but I have already been on a pushbike and as soon as I can training will begin in proper measures in preparation for next season.
I would like to say a big thank you to everyone who has supported me in any measure through this tough time; it truly shows why we are supporters of the greatest sport on earth! I aim to keep you all up to date on here as plans progress and need to send a public appreciation to all of my sponsors about a year that we continued to learn the joys (and lows...) of real road racing!
Olie continues daily to regain his strength, and has started to take walks to build up his stamina, whilst also exercising his memory, which naturally needs recuperation also.
Olie is so happy to be back in the Family home, and has been amazed by all the messages, letters, cards visits and well wishes that have been sent and continue to be received during this very difficult time. He will soon we hope feel well enough to thank you all personally, but wishes meantime for me to pass on this update.
Finally, When Olie had his accident at the TT in 2009; someone said he was sponsored by God- well I am pleased to say that a second year of sponsorship was negotiated for 2010 as well
Sadly our new Team truck had yet again failed to materialise, so it was decided to work from the Van and Pop up awning, staying in the relative comfort of a small Band B.
Setting up was a breeze, with no big truck to worry about, although the very windy weather meant that thepop- up awning needed to be weighted down and tied to the fence to prevent it turning into a kite!
It was the same gap a lap later, with positions remained static, and the remaining riders circulating.
I heldl held the lead at the end of lap one of eight by nine-tenths of a second, with James Coward now third.
At the four-lap mark the lead was half a minute, whilst the gap between second and third was up to 1.70 seconds.
Once again I got the hole-shot, but John MacFarlane crept past me as we crossed the line to start the second lap with James Coward in third. Myself and MacFarlane were still separated by a half-second at the end of lap two, with Coward now 12 seconds down in third. No change on lap three between us, although James Coward was falling back, now 20 seconds down.
As the presentation commenced, the Rain came down, having held off until the last man crossed the line.
Arriving on the Friday evening, we were shown into paddock A, to our designated pit area, and set up the truck and awning, plus the pop up addition, to enable room for the fantastic Moto2 bike. We had expected to be using our new team truck, which was scheduled to be ready that week, unfortunately had been informed that the lead time was much longer than anticipated- gutted!
We were lucky enough to be allocated a Tent in the pit lane, sharing ours with none other than the great Guy Martin and Wilson Craig, a surreal experience.
The first Supersport race gained me a Silver replica, and 16th place, putting me 6th equal in the privateers Cup. I had hoped to to improve my times during the race, but having blown the new supersport engine in practice, had not had as much set up time as I would have liked.
Due to the stoppages during practice, we ran out of time to make meaningful improvements to the Superbike, and so I was faced with testing our last changes as I set off of in the race proper, down Bray hill. I tried my best, but was unable to lay down the power without the bike weaving, so regretfully had no option but to retire on lap two in the pits.
The restart was over 4 laps, and I was up to 21st as I arrived in the pits for refuelling. It was then noticed that water had started to drip from the fairing lower, and a broken water pipe clamp was found- so a retirement was unavoidable. - we were all gutted!
So all in all, a disappointing and eventful TT, but with two replicas and no accidents,for us, better than 2009.
It had been a long hard winter, with many hours spent in raising sponsorship to enable me to compete on the roads with a full complement of Yamaha machinery.
As with all race bikes, set up and testing is essential, and it was fair to say that the Superbike showed handling and power issues. The Yamaha Supersport proved itself once more a well set up bike.
The Team were flat out trying to get the Superbike sorted, another trip to K-tech saw us changing both front and rear springs to the forks and rear shock, and with the invaluable help of Richard from Maxton, we were able to change settings to hopefully improve the weaving issue.
In the Supersport session, we got some settings for race day, and were happy with the bike, being in the top ten through the speed trap.
The Superbike session was a disaster, being split into two sessions following incidents in the first, and the second cut to only 10 minutes following Steve Platers highside crash. We could make no gearing changes, and I only managed three laps, so would start the Saturday race from 24th on the grid, at the head of the second wave.
In the Superstock 1000 race, I pulled up to 19th by the third lap, from 24th on the grid, only to run out of Petrol at York corner on lap 4. Once again Indian and African elephants cost us a DNF (sorry Merv, couldnt resist it!)
The Feature race, North West 200 Superbike, was again shortened to only 4 laps, following two incidents on the course and threatening weather. Once again I finished in 18th place, the first Yamaha across the line.
All in all, not a bad North West 200, and a good start before the Isle of Man TT- Practice starts Saturday the 29th May, see you there!
I am so excited to report that I will ride one of the new breed of motorcycle Grand Prix machines at the 2010 Isle of Man TT.
But the 2010 TT will be the first chance to see one of the bikes being raced anywhere in Britain- and i am the jockey!
Both the team and I obviously have a lot to learn about how the bike will cope with the Mountain Course, but the chassis is as good as anything else out there and well be aiming to match, if not better, the 600cc Supersport lap times. The whole project is sure to create a lot of interest during TT fortnight and were confident we can do it justice and get a credible result.
The accident resulted in a broken left femur as well as severe damage to his knee and elbow. Despite the injuries Olie managed to recover well enough to pass a medical for the Manx GP less than three months later, where he competed on Giovanni Cabassis classic 500 Paton. By breaking the lap record twice and keeping Ryan Farqhuar at bay for more than two laps, before the bike eventually slowed and stopped, Olie showed that he has lost none of his desire or outright speed. When you consider that an X-Ray just three days before travelling showed that the leg was still fractured, it is clear that he will return to the Island in 2010 as both a mentally and physically stronger rider.
Now that the team has the budget in place to build three competitive bikes they are left with the task of finding the necessary funding to complete a full season, and urge any potential backers to take a look at www.olielinsdellracing.com or contact Olie by email at olie@olielinsdellracing.com for more information. 2010 is going to be a year where every little helps, no matter how big or small. With Olies potential and the teams 30 years of experience, it could be one to remember!
Father Steve had been flat out, it seemed for an eternity, building Harry 2 a 500 push rod Royal Enfield Single in a Seeley frame, similar to the one he rode for his debut on the Island, and would be riding this for the race.
Olie had to undergo another medical before he was allowed to start practice, to ensure he was considered fit to ride. It is fair to say that jumping about two foot in the air, and landing heavily to prove the Strength of his leg was good enough came hard- he was still walking with a crutch, but he managed it (somehow!) and was given the all important signing on slip he craved.
Olie managed to get a lift back to the pits with the Helicopter, whos crew took pity on him huddled next to his bike whilst the Garlanding ceremony took place back at the start finish line.
He later reported that his leg had started to go dead in lap three, so he was forced to slow down for safety reasons.
So trials and tribulations on the Island again- but also pride and joy at an amazing comeback.
Can't wait to see what I can do against the amazing flying Ryan Farquhar- after Scarborough, we definitely have unfinished business, and I'm sure Alan Oversby on the MV will be a force to be reckoned with as well!
Meantime, I will be flying over to watch the Ulster, so look out for me in the paddock, and say hello!
Will keep you updated as news unfolds!
The Weather was fine, but cloudy and practice got underway at 9.30am at the start of the two-day Barry Sheene Classic Road Race Festival meeting.
The Paton seemed to have some handling problems, and Olie and the Team made adjustments to the settings, in the hope of an improvement, However the practice ws good enough for him to qualify on the front row for the Days races.
The Sunday dawned, and it was a clear sunny day that greeted Olie on the second day of the weekend.
Positions remained the same on the fifth lap although the gap had shortened, but by Lap seven Farquhar had forced his way past and went on to take the chequered flag.
No changes on lap three or four, but the gap was down to two-tenths of a second as Olie broke the Classic Superbike lap record.
Farquhar was still leading at the end of the penultimate lap and went on to take the chequered flag ahead of Olie.
Next lap and positions were the same with the pair often side by side, and nothing to separate the two.
This pretty much set the scene for the day - red flag after red flag. I got quite a good start in the Superbike
Straight after the 125 race it was out onto the Superstocker, (no rest in this game...) which again turned out to be a short affair. Two mad laps of slipstreaming and passing before the reds came out saw me finish 15th, the same position as last year, but only two seconds off of 10th. It was that close. It had just started raining when it was stopped and we were all on treaded tyres, so in my opinion it should have ran full distance.
Thanks to all my Team and sponsors for making it possible.
It was a mad rush in the week leading up to the first race of the year, with more bits arriving every day and the all important bodywork and decals not appearing until Friday morning! It didnt help that I came down with a serious case of man flu on Wednesday (women just dont understand do they?!) and only managed to sleep for a total of ten hours over he next three days
This year was all about learning as much as possible, getting a few good results and not losing the true point of racing - enjoyment! We certainly achieved it with Ian, Jo an the whole of team Black- Horse Yamaha. Having someone with Ian's experience and reputation was a massive help at the road races and I hope that I helped him to slip into a more managerial role as well. I am truly grateful for the opportunity to ride with such a well organised Team.
Over the next few months I will be trying to make contact and organise something with teams and personal sponsors so I will try to keep you informed! This friday we are off to Italy for a round of the Italian Classic Championship on the fabulous Paton. Hopefully for a nice relaxing time and a last bit of sun before the winter proper sets in.... there is one small point of a head to head with Lea Gourlay.... our first battle on equal machinery at a new track....bring it on!
Peter traveled down from Cumbria on the Friday afternoon while I left at half past five on saturday morning to get there at half seven, picking Sharpy up on the way. We were hoping that the weather would be kind and hold out for the day but things didn't look good when I went to the car to find the first frost of the winter. Great!! I was a bit disappointed with our trip because I arrived at Sharpy's house 1 minute later than planned and didn't get to Thruxton until 7.33. Must try harder next time......!
Overall we had a good day and finally got a result of sorts to repay Peter for his hard work this year. Hopefully it is something we can build on and take to the next level at the International Road Races next year. Next weekend see's us at Brands Hatch for the final round of the superstock 600 championship. Hope to see some of you there!
Overall it was an interesting weekend, I learned the Mount and gained a lot more experience on the 250 and 125, which I need to thank Matt and Peter for supplying me (we will get a result soon Peter!). Hopefully next year I can get some good results in Scarborough. Next up we are just down the road at Silverstone for the penultimate round of the Metzler National Superstock 600 championship. Hope to see some of you there!
The next session was the first free practice on the R6 and after a few laps of getting sucked into corners about 20mph too fast I settled down and found a good rhythm, posting consistent lap times. The setup was working really well in the cool conditions and I ended up in 7th position without even trying.
By the time the first 125 qualifying session started it was almost completely dry and I went out and had some fun. It really is unbelievable how fast you can get through the corners on these things and its an art trying to keep the speed, stay tucked in at all times and avoiding slides at all costs! I improved once again to a 1.31.314 and placed in 18th position. I still hadnt really tried and was confident there was a lot more pace to come for second qualifying.
Thursday was indeed sunny and I wanted to do 2 laps on each machine once again. Unfortunately after coming in to make some changes and change a tyre I missed out on a second lap on the R1 by no more than ten seconds! It was a disappointing evening as I had hoped to up my pace once more but only managed 115.2mph on the 600 and 114.6mph on the 1000.
My first race was on Monday with the Superstock first, followed by the first Supersport in the afternoon.
Overall we had a fantastic week and it was a really good shakedown for the TT. Once again the team worked really well together and we have learnt a lot about how the bikes react to the real road racing circuits. Roll on TT 2008!
Ian and the team had already left for the Northwest 200 straight after Oulton Park leaving us with one bike and minimum spares. Ian had spoken to K-Tech who had arranged to do some more work on the forks to try and resolve the problems we had been experiencing since the start of the season.
I went back to work on the Wednesday after the meeting and my shoulder is getting better by the day so we will be back at Oulton Park on the 3rd/4th/5th May aiming to put in another good qualifying but this time turning it into points in the race! See you there!
The meeting was immediately re-scheduled for the 10th/11th May with the grids standing from the first qualifying, so it looks like I will have to contend with 16th on the grid at least once this year...This is the weekend before the Northwest 200 so it will provide the team with a logistical challenge. next up is Thruxton on the 18th/19th/20th April where hopefully we might get some sunshine and NO snow. ...
Sundays conditions were no better. In fact they were about a hundred times worse when my first view of the outside world in the Morning was Chris Northover constructing a Snowman at about half past 8....
It wasn't until the final session of the day that it had thawed enough for us to decide to do another session. Once again it was wet, cold and windy so a laptime of 1.23.232 was only possible. It put me at the top of the 600 Superstock leaderboard by some four and a half seconds but we couldn't really read too much into it due to only 10 people making it onto the track.
I clocked a lap of 1.17.3 which was about 6 seconds slower than the expected pace at Snetterton but was fast enough to be not only officially the quickest Superstock 600 time but the fastest rider from any class over the weekend! This probably illustrates just how bad the conditions were and although too much cannot be read into the results it was a good confidence boost for myself and the team. The real testing will have to wait until we go to Valencia in Spain next week, and hopefully a bit of sun!
Its so important to me that I give something back to my Sponsors and supporters, and so for this season, we have formed the Olie Linsdell Race club.
The idea is that for a small membership fee of £50.00, each and every one of you can be a part of our team, and my success.
So if you want to be a part of the Team, click on the picture below, download the membership form, and e-mail your details (as shown on the form) to me, including a contact telephone number, or just send it to Flitwick Motorcycles, Station Road, Flitwick, Beds, MK45 1JR- we will contact you for payment and set up your membership- it's really that simple!
Right. First of all I must apologise for the length of time since my last report. I have been very busy for the past few months. A lot has been sorted though and I cant wait to get going now, it's now only 6 weeks until the first round at Brands Hatch....
The following press release has been issued- Needless to say we are all exited and delighted!
Olie is at present up to his ears in promotional launches and all the ancilliary work nescessary to get ready for the challenge, and in addition is off to the Isle of Man on Friday evening for the Annual Manx Motorcycle Club dinner, as one of the guests of honour!
Olie's own write up on his new signing will follow as soon as possible, following his return from the Island on Monday- watch this space!
Added to this was a very successful short circuit year, and another championship win along the way, so it was no surprise to be approached by several Team managers looking to secure his services.
Linsdell said: "I'm delighted to be involved with Ian and Team Blackhorse. They are one of the largest and long established teams in the paddock, and their wealth of experience will be invaluable to myself as rider on his way up.
The switch to Yamaha is a great boost as it's looking as though they are going to be the bikes to be on in both Supersport and Superstock classes next year. I'm sure that all of this combined will help to carry my momentum into next season and my results on to the next level!"
Olie is currently looking for additional sponsors to assist with the additional expense of the step up, contact his through his website at www.olielinsdellracing.co.uk if you think you can help.
Thought I had better bring you all up to speed with what I've been up to the past month or so. We are currently in the discussion stages with a number of teams with regards to next years plans. The most exciting of which would see me riding in the newly announced Junior Superstock category at BSB as well as the three major International Road Races - the TT, the Northwest 200 and the Ulster GP.
The Final Round! CRMC Race Of The Year.
Lets hope this is the first of many victories and we can once again make the Paton name great in the Racing world! Roll on 2008!
Jimmy Dye had already secured the championship but second, third and fourth were still up for grabs. Whatever order Steve Smith, Michael Booth and James Wainwright finished in the race would be the order of the championship. Add to this myself and Rob Guinan and there was sure to be a good race!
We finished a thoroughly enjoyable first year of the TTC with an open topped car ride around the famous circuit for the top three and it was nice to see such a good crowd who had obviously loved the action that had unfolded in front of them.
Overall it was a solid and thoroughly enjoyable weekend that gives me the much needed confidence boost before the all important CRMC championship decider at Croft next weekend and on to next year. If any of you can make it up to Croft, please do. We need all the support we can get to try and Bring both myself and Paton their first Championships!!
We changed a few things for the second 15 minute qualifying session and were finally experimenting with the lower tyre pressures that everybody had been running very low all year (24psi!?). I was once again making little headway into my times until I pulled the pin on the lst lap and produced my best circuit of the weekend with a 1.12.4 to put me fourth on the grid.
I was given grid number seven for the first race, which was effectively three because we were sharing the grid with a Scandinavian club who were holding their final round in England!
The Weather forcast for Mondays races was cloudy in the morning, and possability of showers later in the day, so everything was looking good.
Merv and Dad worked very hard and late into the evening and found a problem that they assured me was the route cause of both the smoking, lack of oil pressure and oil consumption- so hopefully everything will be okay on the day.
Dad had a bit of a nightmare session with a faulty tyre disintegrating, with lumps of rubber the size of a ten pence piece coming off. Tomorrow we will try and get a couple of laps in on the Wheeler Electrical 675. From wednesday onwards I will be able to practice both bikes every evening as newcomers will be allowed out with the main Junior and Senior sessions.
We arrived at King William College in the Isle of Man at 11.30 last night after a VERY rough crossing from Liverpool. Today we had a busy (and soggy) day, with bikes to prepare, briefings to attend, and a guided coach tour for newcomers. This evenings practice has been cancelled due to the horrible weather conditions, and tonight's schedule has been transferred to Monday evening. It looks like I'll have to wait a few more days!! I will keep you all posted on my progress as the week continues..
The 4th and 5th of August was the first of two weekends that were to be spent at Cadwell Park immediately prior to the Manx.
It looked like David was going to get lucky with the weather again in his second meeting. Saturday dawned dry and bright. Practice went okay, with only a change of gearing needed for race one, which was held almost immediately. I got away from the line well and settled into second place behind Gourlay where I stayed for the remainder. It became clear that I would suffer from arm pump again on the physical circuit. Lea and I were nearly a second faster than anybody else, posting 1.41.3 and 1.41.4 respectively.
As soon as I hit the floor I knew it was not good and I was sure that I had suffered a broken collarbone. A trip to Louth hospital resulted in confirmation of a separated shoulder and damaged ligaments. My weekend was over before it had really begun..
I will be skipping the Cadwell Park round of the Triumph Triple Challenge to concentrate on getting fit for the Manx. I will try to find an internet connection and keep you all posted on progress from the island- if your over look out for me in the paddock!
Sure enough by the time second qualifying came round it had rained. The track had begun to dry but it was clear that nobody would be able to beat the mornings times. Those sort of conditions are usually terrible for me but I rode round and managed to do the third fastest time at only eight hundredths slower than the quickest man, James Wainwright.
We had been very unlucky to have not yet scored a win on the Paton before Brands Hatch so I arrived on Friday afternoon to meet Dad and David (who was making his debut) determined to change that record in arguably the clubs biggest meeting of the year. I was feeling very confident of a good result as I had the pace, taking lap records at the past 2 meetings, and just needed to work on getting up to pace quickly in my first few laps to try and stop Lea Gourlay doing his amazing disappearing acts!
Friday night was to be an eventful one with a lot of work still to do on the bike. We had quite a chat to Andy Molnar of Molnar Precision which cumulated in him offering me a ride on the best 350 Manx Norton in the country the next day. After such a sustained period of grotty weather we hoped for some sunshine over the weekend!
Brands Hatch This Weekend! (7th/8th July)
David will be making his debut onboard the Enfield so we hope to see as many of you there as possible!
If you can get hold of a copy of Irish Racer this month please do so. They have a three page spread all about me! Its a good read, focussing mainly on my history and aspirations. If your local doesnt stock it you will have to make do with some scans here
To the untrained eye it would seem that Lydden Hill is my favourite track in the country..Its not but this didnt stop me going for the fourth time this year for the fourth round of the Triumph Triple challenge.
First Qualifying went quickly. The bike felt fine and I just used it to scrub in tyres and the new brake disks. To be honest I was surprised to find myself as high as ninth.
Then things really started going wrong. I was getting frustrated and trying to lunge at gaps that werent there and coming from too far back, which messed up my line. To cut a long story short I finished 6th, 5th young gun and failed to get within half a second of my qualifying time. I was not a happy bunny
The last race of the day was cancelled as there was not enough time left after so many incidents. I have never seen a weekend as bad for crashes. Ever. The weekend as a whole didnt turn out to be as bad as it could have been, despite my lack of pace, I managed to claw some points back on Michael Booth and I just need to keep putting in the results. Next up is Brands Hatch CRMC on 7th/8th July. Hope to see some of you there!
We returned home on Monday as planned after spending a day recovering enough to be able to face the long journey home, and somehow stuffing Sharpees FJR1300 into the van along with the moped, the 675 and all the gear.
After much work we finally had the engine to bits. And promptly put it back together again when we could find nothing wrong. Must have been us being cautious again.
Olie took the win in the 124/400 North West 200 2007 aboard the Flitwick Motorcycles FZR400 Yamaha. However, he nearly didn't make the start of the race, having slipped off his 675 Triumph at the roundabout in the previous 600 Supersport race- a lift back to the paddock by a kindly official just got him there in time to take up the pole position earned in practice!
The 19 year old son of Steve and Carole then lead the race from start to finish, storming into the lead from Pole position on the grid in the opening lap.
Averaging 104.733 mph for the race, Olie smashed the lap record for the 400 Supersport by nearly two mile per hour, at a blistering best lap time of 105.132. Robert Dunlop previously held the record at 103.153, set in 2006.
Dominating the opening practice session on the Tuesday evening, Olie certainly had the attention of other top riders, and there was discussions as to whether the Yamaha complied with the rules, or even that it was a 600, such was Olies pace above the competition!
Dad Steve, who spent many midnight hours preparing Olies and his own machine, leading up to the meeting finished a creditable 18th in the same race, was one of the first to congratulate his son, leaving his own Yamaha machine in the parc ferme and running to the rostrum!
A special mention must also go to the staff of Flitwick Motorcycles, for not making a fuss in Steves absence, and putting up with Caroles nerves leading up to the race!
Robert made it 15 wins - a record - when winning last year and he is hopeful of increasing this again on Saturday although he would be the first to say it's not going to be easy. Dunlop finished fourth in practice behind surprise packet Oliver Linsdell who was on a 400cc machine as opposed to Dunlop's 125cc.
However as Robert said: "I hope to shave a few seconds off on Saturday and I don't see any reason why I can't win. I raced against 400cc bikes in last year's North West and saw them all off. But this particular rider is faster than I would have expected."
Linsdell is the son of Steve Linsdell who used to race in Ulster races a few years ago and he had a best speed of 104.69mph which put him well ahead of the field.
Robert added: "I had problems with the visibility because of the low sun and I pulled in after four laps. Everything was going well with the bike and I fancied my chances of winning until I saw the speed which the leader did. Still, everyone is there to be beaten and I know I have more experience than anyone."
As a whole the weekend went almost perfectly, and its only a matter of time until I win a CRMC race. Thanks for all the support, 8 people came especially to support me at Lydden which is always an encouragement and helps with the last few tenths! The next classic round is at Oulton Park on June 2nd. But before then I have the Northwest 200
All in all it was a solid weekend with me extending my lead in the championship to 8 points, and I am now the only rider who has been on the podium in every race. Hopefully before the next round at Pembrey I will have something to help with the arm pump, as it has wrecked two races this year already! Next up is Lydden Hill on the Paton on May 5th/6th, then straight off to the Northwest 200 in Ireland for a week Cant wait!
Next up is Cadwell Park for the second round. Lets hope I can keep it up! Hope to see some of you there!
A quick note- Olie set Pole for the first round of The Triumph Triple Young Guns championship, with a best qualifying lap of 1:12.453. He then topped this by winning the Triumph 675 challenge Superpole race, and taking the fastest lap of the race.
Brands Hatch  10th/11th March.
It was decided that the weight would be added back by the cable tying of a very heavy (6-kilo) security chain under the seat, and this was done before the second race of the day. However, when lining up, at the back of the grid, the organisers said he could not ride, because he had not heard them calling him on the tannoy and been up to see Clerk of the course, Tony!
Sunday was another day. Due to the exclusion, I still had to start from the back row of the grid, but fought my way up to 10th pace during the 8-lap race.
Starting on the 3rd row for race two, I pushed my way up to 7th place, not far behind the leading groups. I was pleased to see I had set the fastest lap of the race, and a personal best at 51.698s, after only 30 laps on the bike. We are now looking forward to the next round at Lydden, weekend of 24/25th March, where Im excited to be riding my new Triumph 675 for the first time in the 600 Supersport and Forza extreme classes.
I was happy with the way the weekend turned out  sharing a paddock with the big names made it feel like a holiday!
On to Knockhill, an apprehensive return, as I left there last year with pins in my wrist after a racing incident. Getting off to an awful start (even more appalling than normal) I was in last place for 3 laps, and stuck behind other struggling riders for the remainder of the race. I finished intact, but the race was rubbish.
Oulton was better. I thoroughly enjoyed the race, finishing in 11th place.
Croft was next with cold northern weather again. A near high-side in the complex during practice provided entertainment for the marshals and won me a round of applause on the next lap. I got my head sorted and began to push hard, pulling back the rider in front by 7 seconds in 5 laps. It felt good, especially in those conditions. This was my best race of the year.
2006 has been frustrating in that my results have been less than impressive in the R6 Cup. Since mid season I had begun to look at things in a different light. Overall, my riding improved 150% and the trend continues. I have no regrets and thank everyone who has helped and supported me during a difficult but enjoyable season.

thanks samir.you can delete the "maybe " thread if you want to.
Looks great! Added to the listing.
Last edited by b.a.king; June 8th at 07:15 PM.
Anyone looking to go to this one? I can easily stop by after work if it looks like it will be a decent turn out.
can you find your way,or are you following your brother? you know who!
dave,you still got my number ? if so give me a call please

HR - "It's a massive game for us and @BurnleyOfficial tomorrow. It's all that matters for us - and we're fully focused on it." #QPRvBUR
Moyes on Rooney and van Persie: "It's great to have them back but we have to be careful with them both. We have to manage them right." #mufc
Liverpool have only failed to score in one of their last 13 Premier League away games and have netted 33 in that run.
The Reds have kept just one clean sheet in their last 10 trips on the road and conceded 20 times in those matches.
Suarez has matched his league goal total from last season in just 18 appearances (compared to 33 in 2012/13).
Arsenal have won 14 and lost just one of their last 20 Premier League games at the Emirates.
Crystal Palace have scored just five goals away from home in the Premier League, fewer than any other team and never more than once in a single match.
The Gunners have kept six clean sheets in their last seven Premier League games on home soil.
Arsenal have won five and lost none of the last eight meetings with Palace in all competitions.
How about some deadline day highlights before we get to the action?
Dunne heads behind for a corner to Burnley, but it's a wasted effort, sailing over those assembled in the box.

Whether you love hiking, or want to tell someone to go take one, this Tee covers it all! Perfect for Summer in Red, White, Blue!...
When you order Rose’, it’s as if the cameras are on you waiting on your every word. The drink choice among all the celebrities, and...
Summer is here...let the Sun and Buns Out! This tee is so soft, you’ll want to wear it all day, and night! Soft Graphic Tee...
Let’s Be Real....it’s all about the Guac!
Don’t be ashamed to announce that you hold one of the most coveted titles ever....Queso Queen! Whether you wear this for Cinco de Mayo Festivities...
Sometimes, all you can do is offer your best advice...Drink Beer.
Represent the hottest festival of the year in this so comfy tee. Model is wearing a size Small 100% Cotton
Your favorite sweatshirt is now a Tee....GET IT! 100% Cotton
Weekends Are For Dogs T-Shirt $59.90
Sleeveless Tunic and perfect graphic is a must! We can’t get enough of this super soft fabric and great fit. As seen on Channel 3....
It’s Game Day and you MUST show your spirit! Tie it up, tuck it in or wear it loose to show its cuteness in all...
Are you ready for some football? This super soft Chaser Tee with its vintage look will definitely give you all the football feels.
Curiosity Did Not Kill This Cat $39.90
Whether you want to rock this for Halloween, or you just have faith in all cats, this is your go to tee. 50% Polyester 38%...
Work Hard Be Nice T-Shirt $39.90
This Is Why We Can’t Have Nice Things T $39.90
This Is Why We Can’t Have Nice Things T
Show your Witchy this Halloween with some Black Magic in the perfect Red! 50% Polyester, 38% Cotton,12% Rayon Super Soft Machine Wash Cold, Tumble Dry...
Can’t go wrong with this soft tri-blend long sleeves. We love everything about this crewneck top and relaxed fit. 50% Polyester, 38% Cotton, 12% Rayon...
Enough said. If you don’t rock this shirt, you aren’t truly a Halloween Fan. Get this look now, and be unique.
I Just Want To Hang With My Dog Hoodie $39.90
I Just Want To Hang With My Dog Hoodie
So Soft, so true..this black and grey hoodie speaks the truth to anyone who wants to know where we’d rather be..

Now that my daughter's hair is getting longer, I need to have more hair accessories to keep it all under control. I'm tired of trying to find hair accessories that don't break after one use for a good price. So, I decided that I could probably make something just as cute and for cheap. Why not at least try, right?
1. Cut one circle and 4 scalloped circles about 2 inches in diameter. They don't have to be perfect. You can make a template or freehand your shape.
2. Add a small amount of glue to the center of the circle.
4. Add another dab of glue to the bottom center of the half-circle.
5. Fold in half again, creating a cone shape. Press into the glue so it holds together.
6. Add glue to the bottom corner of one side of the cone. Place onto the circle with the point in the center.
1. Cut a strip of felt about 1 1/2 inch by 9 inches.
2. Cut a scalloped shape along one half of the entire strip. These don't have to be perfect! (see picture #3) Cut close to the edge, but be careful not to cut all the way through.
4. Turn your rosette over, fluff out the petals and you're done! The back will be flat, so it's easily attachable to anything.
1. Cut a strip of felt about 1 1/2 inch thick by 9 inches. You can adjust this measurement to make your pom poms bigger or smaller. I made these to fit with a 1 year old's piggy tails.
2. Cut strips about 1/8 inch apart along the entire length of felt, being careful not to cut all the way through the edge.
4. Turn the pom pom over and fluff it out. The back will be flat, so it's easily attachable to anything.
2. Add a drop of glue at the bottom center of the scallop.
3. Fold scallop in half, holding it tightly for at least 15 seconds so the glue will dry a little. They will pop back open if you don't hold it long enough.
5. Add some kind of embellishment (I used a floral marble) to the center of the flower.
7. Cut a small square or circle and attach it to the back of the flower for stability and to make sure it stayed together.
8. Attach the flower to the top of the clip and you're done!
My little model showing off the clip in her little piggy tails. Love it!
Now that is super cute. You make it look so easy.
Lindsay once again you've done it. So adorable and creative! Wish I had your creativity! lol
BTW, I am giving a quilt away on my blog if you are interested... have a great day!
SO creative!! Hoping to try these out SOON ;) Thanks for all the inspiration!!
Hi..Just found you on TGC and OH MY WORD these are ADORABLE!! I will be making up a bunch of these TODAY (if the family cooperates!!). I have 2 girls and these will be PERFECT!
These are adorable. I love all the varieties and colors! Thanks for linking up with DIY under $5!
These clippies are so cute! I made some for my daughter's birthday and did a post on the pom pom ones. Come & See! http://sittingatourkitchentable.blogspot.com/2011/06/felt-pom-pom-clippies.html
I did a pom pom too but it is a bit different and more like a flower. Check my tutorial here http://phattgurll.blogspot.com/2012/01/pompom-felt-flower.html
Can you please tell me what scissor or instrument you use to cut your felt? I have started making clips for my daughter as well and the hardest part for me is cutting the felt.

And, April of course is a month of significance for all Americans, as we remember with sorrow those who lost their lives in the Oklahoma City bombing on April 19, 1995 and the students and faculty who were killed in the shootings at Columbine High School in Denver, Colorado on April 20, 1999.
“Then the righteous will shine like the sun in the kingdom of their Father, he who has ears, let him hear” Matt. 13:43
interesting to me how you wrote the phrase about Israel being “re-born out of the ashes of the holocaust”
and how parts of Europe and Russia are now suffering under clouds of volcanic ashes
I really enjoyed this post! Thought you might find this video of interest considering what you mentioned about counting the omer and the prophetic time we are living in. : )
Hi Fishesnloaves, Thank you very much! I haven’t had a chance to check the video out yet, but plan to a little bit later when I have more time. I’m really intrigued about the counting of the Omer and wonder if day 33 might be significant. Blessings to you and your Ohana (family)! Cindy
Here is the link again..I hope it works for you.
http://www.waytozion.org/video/monteglc 4-15-10.asf It should immediately come up in a windows video player. You could try just the website waytozion.org and look for the video that way.
I am aware of some of the issues surrounding Monte Judah….however, I thought what he had to say was extremely interesting.
[…] (For more on the month of Iyar, if you haven’t already read my April 17 post, click here: https://cindybythesea.wordpress.com/2010/04/17/iyar-a-month-of-blossoming-a-month-of-shining/ […]
By: the barley and the wheat « Cindy by the Sea on April 28, 2010

Francois was hurt when he was sacked from behind by Ronnie Harrison. Francois was helped off the field and could not put any weight on his left knee before being carted off.
The only diagnosis Fisher had after the game was “unfortunately, he’s hurt.” Francois was on crutches and the left leg had an air cast applied to it after he received X-rays.
“To look back and see your quarterback holding his knee, it’s frightening,” center Alec Eberle said. “But at the same time, we know Deondre is a tough and persevering guy.”
Harrison, who grew up in Tallahassee, tweeted after the game that the hit was not intentional and hoped that Francois would make a quick recovery.
“We’re not going to quit as a team and lay down,” James said. “It’s not just a one-game season. We have to show up ready to play.”
The quarterbacks find themselves in the same situation as last season’s secondary — light on depth and experience. Francois started all 13 games last season and threw for the fifth-most yards in school history (3,350).
Of the four quarterbacks after Francois on the depth chart, none of them have started a college game and have a combined 19 pass attempts.
“He’s a very intelligent guy who shows a lot of poise, presence and command,” Fisher said. “He can throw the football and move around, too.”
Eberle also said he has full faith in Blackman and has been impressed with the way he can make calls at the line.
“The mood is we played pretty well but we didn’t finish,” said Eberle after the Alabama loss. “We did too much to not finish. We’ve got a long season ahead and now we have to do our jobs.”

Are all mental activity including ideas, opinions, beliefs, values, judgements and impressions
Can influence what we feel and what we do but they do not determine them
We may not always be conscious of our thoughts but they are always there
Thinking provides us with the capacity to reason, use logic, common sense and put ideas together
Can be triggered by external stimulus e.g. seeing someone you find attractive or by a non-sexual thought or memory.
Can be brief, short lived and pass through the mind quickly and do not always lead to sexual arousal
Can be prolonged and multi-sensory which means they can include colour, sounds, sights, smell, sometimes even taste which can be powerful and stimulating
Can be based on someone or something real or imagined
The nature and content of sexual fantasies vary and can be influenced by past experiences or things that the person would like to happen linked to their sexual interests, situation and desires.
Most people will have experienced sexual thoughts and fantasies at some time in their lives. Such fantasies are common and as long as they are appropriate are unlikely to lead to inappropriate behaviour.
More information about what constitutes sexual fantasy, and about the differences between appropriate and inappropriate fantasies, can be found in the ??? self-help section of the anonymous user site.
May be triggered by a sexual interest in a specific child or children generally
May be triggered by other non-sexual thoughts, feelings and situations e.g. feeling lonely and isolated and being in close proximity to a child.
What is a sexual offence involving a child?
The friends/family section was very informative. It made me think about things I hadn't really considered. Being a wife of an offender it opened my eyes in a good way so that I can continue to support my husband.
How do people commit a sexual offence against children?

6 But at midnight there was a shout, "Look! Here is the bridegroom! Come out to meet him.'
8 The foolish said to the wise, "Give us some of your oil, for our lamps are going out.'
9 But the wise replied, "No! there will not be enough for you and for us; you had better go to the dealers and buy some for yourselves.'
11 Later the other bridesmaids came also, saying, "Lord, lord, open to us.'
12 But he replied, "Truly I tell you, I do not know you.'
22 And the one with the two talents also came forward, saying, "Master, you handed over to me two talents; see, I have made two more talents.'
23 His master said to him, "Well done, good and trustworthy slave; you have been trustworthy in a few things, I will put you in charge of many things; enter into the joy of your master.'
24 Then the one who had received the one talent also came forward, saying, "Master, I knew that you were a harsh man, reaping where you did not sow, and gathering where you did not scatter seed;
34 Then the king will say to those at his right hand, "Come, you that are blessed by my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world;
37 Then the righteous will answer him, "Lord, when was it that we saw you hungry and gave you food, or thirsty and gave you something to drink?
40 And the king will answer them, "Truly I tell you, just as you did it to one of the least of these who are members of my family, you did it to me.'
41 Then he will say to those at his left hand, "You that are accursed, depart from me into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels;
44 Then they also will answer, "Lord, when was it that we saw you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or naked or sick or in prison, and did not take care of you?'

We have been friends for many years. Recently we both attended a small conference about technology and consciousness. How can technology, and specifically artificial intelligence, affect our state of consciousness? Lots of interesting people were there: from Microsoft, from Impact Financing and from many other backgrounds.
On the way home from the conference, we were driving together in the same car. Talking together, we realized something interesting. When people get together in the technology field to talk about new developments, there are really two questions that commonly get asked.
The first question is: “Can it be done? Do we have the technology available to create this?”
The second question is: “Will people pay for it? Will people be willing to adopt this technology in a way that creates financial return?”
To answer that question, during the long drive from Southern California to Northern California, we reflected upon some commonly held values, which most people can agree upon. And then we measured advances in technology according to these values.
Check out the questions we asked ourselves, and tell us your answers.
Does it make you more Self Reliant or more Dependent?
Using technology in a way that makes us dependent is potentially a great risk. If solar rays from the sun suddenly fried all the microchips, for example, we would all be in deep trouble.
Is technology bringing you closer to people or will it make you more isolated?
Research shows that the number one factor in creating a life of happiness is the quality of your personal relationships. We view love as an intrinsically desirable experience, and we view loneliness and isolation as intrinsically negative.
For sure, we can find plenty of examples of technology that brings us closer to other people. A soldier or a missionary worker sent overseas for many months, or even years, can connect with loved ones using Skype or Google Hangout. You can maintain real conversations with people, where you can see body language as well as hear the voice, in a way we’ve never been able to do before.
On the other hand, video games you play by yourself, or many other of the activities we do on a cell phone, may actually isolate you from other people.
We have to be able to distinguish between quantity and quality. Two hundred Facebook friends does not equal one truly good friend who you can trust will always be there for you. Technology mat easily increase the quantity of our interactions, but how does it impact their quality?
Last month Jonathan got a gadget called The Muse. It is a device you wear on your forehead that gives you a read-out of your brain’s EEG waves on your smartphone. Its goal is to help you calm your brainwaves down so you can experience a deeper level of peace.
There are many other apps developed now, which are designed specifically to bring you back to your center, feeling peaceful and rested.
The question we might want to ask about apps and devices like this is: are they giving you a temporary spiritual high, only when you use them, or are the leading you to a longer-term maintained sense of spiritual maturity and awakening?
We both have friends who take a “technology fast” one day a week. They turn off their internet and smartphone for 24 hours, and go back to living a simpler, more peaceful life. Like this, we can break through addiction to reliance on devices.
Can technology help you to live more awake?
Is this device or software improving your health, or negatively impacting your health?
Of course, there is plenty of medical technology which saves lives today, there are apps which help to monitor your heart rate, your blood pressure and fat, and to make better decisions. We can diagnose and anticipate and monitor health conditions much more accurately than we ever could before.
On the other hand, staying up late at night staring at the screen, as gamers do, may be negatively impacting our health.
We both have had friends and clients who have overdosed on technology working in the IT industry. They spend 10 or 12 hours a day staring at the screen, and finally they burn out. Then they have to go and stare at trees for a few months to recover their health.
Does operating in an artificial environment, like a gaming world, actually allow you to learn life skills and to increase your life experience, or does it distract from it? Can an environment like “My Second Life” actually contribute to real maturity?
Devices created by HeartMath are the most obvious example of technology helping us to open our hearts, to feel the pain of others, and to live from compassion. The entire mindfulness movement, which has had such an impact in recent years, is at the same time a backlash against absorption in technology, but the same time it is disseminated by technology.
Today you can go on YouTube, and see a talk by the Dalai Lama about compassion, or you can get inspired by Eckhart Tolle or Byron Katie. So what do you think?
Would you be a more loving and caring person with or without your smartphone?
Most people would agree that having more free time, or being able to get more things done with less expenditure of effort is a good thing. Is technology in general leaving you with more time to relax and do what you really love, or is it taking time away from you?
How does our increasing reliance on technology affect our ability to be connected to the divine?
And, for that matter, could artificial intelligence ever understand or duplicate the experience of falling in love? A dating site could match you up with a suitable partner based on all kinds of parameters, but could a computer ever understand the feeling of the spark we feel when we love somebody deeply?
Technology isn’t going away. In fact, its rate of development is growing faster and faster every day. Since technology is here to stay, we have to learn to adapt its power towards the goals and values that are most important to us. This is not always easy to do. Yet, by asking the questions presented here, and being honest with your actual experience, you can hopefully keep from getting lost in a technological jungle.
Ultimately, technology gives us more choices. It is up to us to choose wisely what we do with them…
Jonathan Robinson is a psychotherapist, best-selling author of ten books, and a professional speaker. He has reached over 100 million people around the world with his practical methods. Mr. Robinson has made numerous appearances on the Oprah show, as well as many other national TV talk shows, and articles about him have appeared in USA Today, and Newsweek. In his public talks and seminars, Jonathan is known for providing people with immediately useful information in a fun and entertaining manner. For more information, go to his web site: FindingHappiness.com
2 Responses to “Is Technology Good for You?”
There may be massive long- and short term destruction in the manufacturing and disposal of high tech gadgets that over shadows any benefits, although most of the time those consequences are hidden.
Same thing with the common exploitation of the people that are actually producing.

Nourishment: Can you briefly describe your story for those just getting introduced to your life’s work?
I wrote Diet For A New America, and 9 other best-sellers, exposing the harm that modern meat and dairy products, as well as excessive sugar intake, are doing to our health and our world.
Nourishment: How would you advise someone eating a meat-based diet to transition successfully into eating a plant-based diet?
Nourishment: What can everybody do right now no matter what his or her dietary habits are to make a positive impact on the planet?
Nourishment: What positive changes have you seen in the last 20 years for the eradication of consuming animals?
Nourishment: What problems do you foresee in the future that we will need to overcome in the food industry?
John: We will have to move toward agroecology and organic forms of agriculture, and away from the vast GMO monocultures that are dependent on vast quantities of toxic chemicals.
Nourishment: Anything you would like to share?
John: “It’s no mark of sanity to be well-adjusted to an insane society.”

As WINTER approaches, please keep in mind that IF and WHEN our Services are CLOSED or DELAYED

We had a brand-new student show up to the morning yoga class a few weeks ago. I asked him if he had any questions before we started.
He said, “I’m a beginner. I’ve seen the sign for a few months now, and finally decided to come.”
He said he and a colleague he works with talked it over and decided to give it a try. He came (and has been coming for a few weeks now). But she hasn’t come…yet.
It makes me wonder what makes some people ready, and others take longer to decide and to take action.
It takes courage to show up for something new. Courage, readiness — and a few other magic ingredients.
No one ever talks about the stages of making a decision to start something new. With so much pressure to “just do it, ” no one extols the virtues of indecision.
But I’m here to tell you are some! (Yep…I’m from that alien anti-just-do-it world of yes-no and stay-go.)
You’re undecided now, and what are you going to do? (yep, that’s how the song goes!) Or, maybe you’re different…but I spend way more time getting ready to be ready than actually being ready.
I got real tired of the bad rap I was always giving myself for not being ready to go-for-it, bite-the-bullet, and make-stuff-happen.
But my frown turned upside down the day I finally decided to embrace my decidedly indecisive nature. I felt a lot better, and that was enough for me.
Then I learned there is science to back me up on this.
I have found that trying something new is like that for me. If I change anything, I usually think about it for a long while before I actually do anything.
Change is never really an event. It’s more a process that unfolds over time.
And the indecision period where you are just contemplating doing something is often overlooked. But I think it’s the most important part. You’re undecided now, and what are you going to do?
I thought it was just me, but it turns out…
I think these stages are more for study and discussion purposes. I never ask myself if I am pre-contemplating or just contemplating something. I just know I’m either battling back and forth between yes and no.
I’m undecided. Or I’m decidedly going to do something.
(Click here for my favorite song on the subject: Undecided by Ella Fitzgerald. Now there’s a woman who knows that a little scat-singing and a jazz beat goes a long way toward celebrating even the indecision that hurts.)
“Hmmm…maybe I will create a special spot to put my keys when I walk in the front door so I don’t lose them,” I think.
The early stages of contemplation are subtle, and maybe not even visible to anyone but me. I haven’t actually done anything about my key-losing problem – yet.
It brings me great comfort to think of my not-readiness as an important part of the change process.
Even if you are resistent, rebellious, umotivated or ambivalent, you could be closer to taking action than you realize.
From my experience, you can’t rush it. It happens when you are ready. (Or getting ready to think about being ready.)
Of course, you can surround yourself with positive support and reminders. You can create logs, schedules, or accountability partners. Things like these help some people. But usually not me.
I do better if I let myself off the hook, and give myself time to just think about what I might do once I’m ready.
Perhaps you’re like me…Just thinking about starting yoga (or flossing daily or eating your vegetables or having more fun…) is an important part of the process.
I’ve been teaching these 2 poses in most of my classes lately — and assigning them as homework. With so many of you interested in home practice, this post will help you get started.
Advanced Iyengar teacher Lois Steinberg gave me the idea, and I wanted to test it out.
This sequence is short & sweet — but don’t let that fool you! The affects can be mighty: you will stretch your legs, strengthen your quads, release your lower back, lengthen the sides of your trunk, open your shoulders, and spread your hands.
And the mental benefit — well, you’ll just have to try it now, won’t you? Let me know!
Lie down on your side with both buttocks on the wall.
Roll over and swing your legs up the wall.
Make sure your legs are centered in line with your trunk and head.
How close should you be to the wall?
Straighten your legs while keeping your buttocks down on the floor.
Move your buttocks away from the wall if needed to get your legs straight.
When you come to class, you will learn more ways to customize the poses to fit your body’s needs.
You should be able to relax before you begin the actions of the pose.
To build strength, keep your hands hovering above the floor.
Place your hands evenly on the wall.
Lengthen the sides of your trunk.
Look toward the wall to move back ribs in.
Maintaining the actions above, look down toward the floor.
Place your hands higher on the wall.
Do this sequence every day and see what happens. You can do just this 2-pose sequence on its own. Or…do these 2 poses in preparation for a longer practice and see how you feel.

PUSH SOUTH AFRICA was designed thinking on EVERYONE THAT WORKS or have LIMITED TIME SCHEDULE and at the same time DON’T WANT TO MISS anything about this year’s South Africa 2010 World Cup.
Due to our dedicated back-office and to Apple’s Push Notification Service alert, those who download PUSH SOUTH AFRICA will be THE FIRST ONES to receive notifying messages about every important update on the status of the matches you choose to follow:
To ensure that the users of Push South Africa are really THE FIRST ONES to receive the Push Notification alerts we have developed our own back-office. So, we do not ‘RSS feed’ the data. We introduce it ourselves.
We did this to guarantee that the Push Notification messages are sent no more than 3 SECONDS after the live update of the match status.
So even if you are at work, in the beach or anywhere else that prevents you to watch the World Cup’s matches, with PUSH SOUTH AFRICA you will be able to follow each update of the matches you will chose to follow.
In our opinion, the best iPhone/iPod/iPad application for those who want to follow the South Africa 2010 World Cup.

Vapor Barriers and the Underslab Solution: ... a 15-mil vapor barrier that is ... it may be best to step up to a high density polyethylene ... These so-called “air-gap” or dimple membranes are ...

Information on this family can also be found on page 490 of the book "Johnson County, Kentucky: A History of the County, and Genealogy of Its People Up to the Year 1927" by Mitchell Hall. In that book it only says that Elmer Conley married a Conley.
According to Kentucky death record transcripts, Viola Conley died April 16, 1983 in Johnson County at the age of 79. She was living in Johnson County at the time of her death.
Notes: Fanny is listed as "Anna" in the 1940 census.
Notes: Opal King's parents' names were determined by finding the obituary of her brother Hobart (1936-1975).
According to Social Security death record transcripts, William Baldridge was born August 10, 1886, and died in February of 1976. He received his Social Security card prior to 1951 in Kentucky, and his last place of residence was in East Point, Johnson County, Kentucky.
According to Social Security death record transcripts, Malta Baldridge was born June 19, 1898, and died in February of 1982. She received her Social Security card in 1962 in Kentucky, and her last place of residence was in East Point, Johnson County, Kentucky.
When Maxie Virgil Conley's World War I draft registration card was filled out on September 12, 1918 in Paintsville, Johnson County, Kentucky, he stated that he was a telegraph operator, that his closest relative was Elizabeth Conley of Paintsville, and that he was born February 5, 1899. He was found to be of medium height and build, and he had gray eyes and brown hair.
According to Social Security death record transcripts, Max Conley was born February 5, 1899, and died in October of 1981. He received his Social Security card prior to 1951 in Kentucky, and his last place of residence was in Hager Hill, Johnson County, Kentucky.
According to Kentucky death record transcripts, Max Conley died October 2, 1981 in Floyd County at the age of 82. He was living in Johnson County at the time of his death.
According to Florida death record transcripts, Virgie W. Conley was born March 5, 1904, and died March 26, 1976 in Orange County at the age of 72.
According to Social Security death record transcripts, Jeanette Caudill was born November 3, 1883, and died in May of 1968. She received her Social Security card in 1963 in Kentucky, and her last place of residence was in Ashland, Boyd County, Kentucky.
According to Kentucky death record transcripts, William H. Caudill died September 3, 1947 in Boyd County at the age of 65. He was living in Boyd County at the time of his death.
Notes: Clarke Furbee was a teacher and for a time played the sax and clarinet in a band called "The Mason-Dixon Seven."
According to Social Security death record transcripts, Richard Caudill was born November 13, 1890, and died in April of 1978. He received his Social Security card prior to 1951 in West Virginia, and his last place of residence was in Lexington, Fayette County, Kentucky.
According to Social Security death record transcripts, Grace Caudill was born March 5, 1894, and died September 14, 1987. She received her Social Security card in 1973 in Kentucky, and her last place of residence was in Lexington, Fayette County, Kentucky.
According to Social Security death record transcripts, Ella Johnson was born January 14, 1906, and died in August of 1986. She received her Social Security card prior to 1951 in North Carolina or West Virginia, and her last place of residence was in Huntington, Cabell County, West Virginia.
Eugene Ogden Conley was a veteran of the Korean Conflict and was serving in Vietnam in 1967 when he was shot down. His remains were returned June 22, 1989, but they weren't identified until July 15, 2002. He is on panel 14E of the Vietnam Memorial Wall in Washington D.C.
According to Social Security death record transcripts, Eugene Conley was born October 24, 1927, and died in January of 1967. He received his Social Security card prior to 1951 in Ohio.
Here is a photo taken at the Traveling Vietnam Wall in Carson City, Nevada, on October 25, 2012:
According to Kentucky death record transcripts, Earl Ratliff died August 20, 1977 in Floyd County at the age of 73. He was living in Johnson County at the time of his death.
According to Social Security death record transcripts, Myrl Dallas was born April 19, 1896, and died in November of 1985. She received her Social Security card prior to 1951 in Kentucky, and her last place of residence was in Paintsville, Johnson County, Kentucky.
According to Social Security death record transcripts, Troy Fairchild was born October 25, 1892, and died in July of 1975. He received his Social Security card prior to 1951 in Kentucky, and his last place of residence was in Hager Hill, Johnson County, Kentucky.
According to Kentucky death record transcripts, Troy Fairchild died July 2, 1975 in West Virginia at the age of 82. He was living in Johnson County at the time of his death.
According to Kentucky death record transcripts, Pete Dallas died October 6, 1959 in Johnson County at the age of 76. He was living in Johnson County at the time of his death.
According to Social Security death record transcripts, Gordon C. Caudill was born April 25, 1918, and died August 9, 1997. He received his Social Security card prior to 1951 in Michigan, and his last place of residence was in Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee.
When Louis Raymond Buckley's World War I draft registration card was filled out on April 25, 1942 in Portsmouth, Scioto County, Ohio, he stated that he was working for N & W Railroad in Portsmouth, that the person who would always know his address was C. R. McHone of Portsmouth, and that he was born July 15, 1895 in Ashland, Kentucky. He was found to be 5 feet 11 inches tall, he weighed 160 pounds, and he had gray eyes, brown hair, and a ruddy complexion.
According to Kentucky death record transcripts, Louis R. Buckley died May 7, 1965 in Greenup County at the age of 70. He was living in Boyd County at the time of his death.
According to Social Security death record transcripts, Billy Conley was born January 23, 1932, and died in September of 1980. He received his Social Security card prior to 1951 in Ohio, and his last place of residence was in Carey, Wyandot County, Ohio.
According to Ohio death record transcripts, Billy E. Conley was born about 1932 in Kentucky, and died September 1, 1980 in Wyandot Memorial Hospital in Upper Sandusky, Wyandot County, at the age of 48. He was married at the time of his death.

Please make sure, that the images are saved with an RGB(A) color profile as CMYK is not supported.
There is no resolution limit for the images, but bigger files will be scaled to the maximum texture size of your graphics card. So you don't get any effort using images larger as your texture size!
When using graphic (as well as video) content with more than 2048 x 2048 pixels you might need to alter the texture size in the Configuration > Render Engine. Some FX and features like deinterlacing and FluidFrame need to buffer the media file. The memory space for that purpose is limited to 2k per default. Choosing another texture size will enlarge the buffer for all textures, which increases the used memory space. Thus it will consume plenty of graphic card memory. Please use the option only if needed.
Bitmaps and Targa images provide uncompressed images; this means that there will be no loss of colour depth or resolution. In general uncompressed files have a larger file size than compressed data, thus they are using more memory on the hard drive. Nevertheless, don’t be afraid to use them. Pandoras Box converts any image to an uncompressed format anyway to play it back in real-time.
The dds format claims to perform better than other formats like jpg, png or bmp. In comparison to these formats dds images save performance because it is a texture format that can be interpreted by the graphics card directly. In other words, the CPU and the bus have no load regarding the decompression.
The result is a much smaller file size whereas the size difference depends on redundancy in your visual content, such as alpha channels or same colors in motion graphics. This way you gain a lot more drive space which is especially interesting for SSD systems as their drives normally offer less space.
The previous topics describe the display and content formats in general, how to define the content resolution and provide an output resolution table. Please click these links, if you are interested in other content formats, such as audio, image sequences and videos.

He has expressed interest in tOSU but Purdue is probably the favorite right now and is his only offer. He has a 36-inch vertical and has bench-pressed 285 pounds. He ran a sub 4.4 40 and plays BBall and runs track in Indiana.
Class 2A First team IN as a junior
Aug. 22 against Snider. He introduced himself by catching four passes for 91 yards, including two touchdowns. The second score was for 72 yards and turned out to be the game-winning touchdown.
"Our kids didn't really 100 percent accept him until he excelled in the Snider game," Harding coach Sherwood Haydock said. "They knew he was good but it was almost like he wasn't one of us yet. When he scored that second touchdown, he became one of the guys and they realized the benefit of him coming over."
At 6-foot-5, 190 pounds and having blazing-fast legs, Lymon brings lots of benefits.
Already this year he's played defensive end, safety, wide receiver, tight end and slotback. Besides learning new positions, he's had to learn a completely new offense.
"I knew it would be different because these guys pass all the time," Lymon said. "It was like go here, go there. It was a lot harder because I had to work on more routes and formations. I had to forget everything I knew from North Side's playbook."
"I think he was in shock when he came to our mini-camp and realized how many passes he was going to catch," Haydock said. "His comment about the first week was that he only had to learn three or four routes at the other place."
"He's more than that," Haydock said. "After coaching him this year, I think he's a football player who runs track. He's the first guy about 6-5 I've seen who can make moves like that."
Now Lymon loves playing in Harding's wide-open offense. He has 33 catches this season for nine touchdowns, averaging 21.6 yards per catch. He had four straight 100-yard games to start the season as he learned to hook up with quarterback Reggie Smith.
"It's just exciting with Reggie because a short pass can turn into a deep bomb," Lymon said. "I don't have to tell him. He's going to look and if I'm open, he's going to get me the ball."
"Normally our football players are the worse shape guys we have, so we like to give them some time (from football season). But with the rules, we basically get them after their playoff run is done and, you are starting up basically already, and that doesn't give them much time."
Lymon caught 47 passes for 1,143 yards and 13 touchdowns as he helped lead the Hawks to the Class 2A state championship game last season. The 6-foot-4, 190-pounder averaged 24.3 yards per reception. Lymon also plays basketball and runs track. He placed sixth in the 400-meter dash and third in the long jump at last season's state finals meet.
It must be rough being Lymon - the best 400-meter runner in the state, a blue-chip football recruit and maybe the best all-around high school athlete in Indiana.
It's just a shame he's only allowed to compete in four events this track postseason or Harding might finish in the top five at state.
It's that natural ability that has caught the attention of nearly every major football program in the country.
At 6-foot-4 and 190 pounds, Lymon has the rare combination of size and speed that coaches sell their souls for.
"The nice thing is, they don't have to take our word for it," Haydock said. "It's on record that he is one of the fastest runners in the state."
Lymon tries not to get caught up in all the hype or the decision process. The calls have been coming since he was a freshman so there's no reason to rush things. He's still just a junior.
The focus is on staying healthy and winning at least one individual track title. He'll be the heavy favorite in the 400 and one of the guys to beat in the long jump.
"He hasn't been chased yet," Haydock said. "He's not been pushed. When he finally gets pushed that last 200 meters, it is hard telling what he can do."
Track has always come naturally to Selwyn Lymon, even in middle school. But it wasn't until he finished third in the long jump and sixth in the 400 as a sophomore at state last season that he started to realize his full track potential, even if it is just a hobby.
"I'm not going to think about the state meet just yet," Selwyn Lymon said. "We still have to get through sectional and regional. The goals are there, but you can't look ahead."
Selwyn Lymon of Harding also was a double winner, taking the long jump at 23 feet, 5 inches, and the 400 in 48.49.
Lymon finished 2nd in the 400M at the state championship
"When I stumbled, that cost me one extra step on me and that is all it took," Lymon said. "It's disappointing. I came down here to win this. I get another chance. I am going to do it."
...and the school nurse even gave him a Buckeye.
I hope she's not a booster - some Michigan fan will probably report it to the NCAA.
Chris is probably right ... but, the longer this one goes, the better I like OSU's chances. Getting an official visit will really help.
My screen saver is of Avant getting leveled by two Buckeyes....he didn't return to play in THE GAME...that being said...if you want to play against us...be prepared to not be able to play.

Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 Full Bathroom Condominium in the Gardens of Monticello shows like brand new. The great room has a vaulted ceiling and plenty of room....

Follow the link in the title to view on the webpage or download the file below.
Greetings! As the 2017 Spring Newsletter for ACCS is arriving soon, I'm writing to solicit your help with passing on any of the following information.
Books, book chapters, and journal articles published in or after November 2016;
Promotions, new jobs, or moves;
Anything else you'd like the community to know about you.
Have a call for papers you want to share?
Want to promote a position opening on your campus?
You can share any of the above information (and more) by sending your item to me (luling.huang@temple.edu) by May 22. Items can be submitted as a simple text, a Word document (.docx/.doc), or as a Portable Document Format file (.pdf).
Thank you for your time and support. You should expect to receive the Newsletter no later than May 25.
I am pleased to share the latest 2017 ACCS email digest with you.
If you would like to share position announcements, conference announcements, call for submissions, or other information to ACCS members, please email me at luling.huang@temple.edu. Our next email digest is scheduled for June 1, 2017.
The deadline for nominations for all awards is Wednesday, May 31, 2017. Nomination materials should be sent (in pdf format) via email to Dr. Bo Feng (bfeng@ucdavis.edu) with the subject line “ACCS 2017 Award Nomination.”
This award honors the most outstanding MA thesis/dissertation related to Chinese communication studies completed in the prior two-year period. To be eligible for the award given in 2017, the nominee must a) be a current ACCS member (to join or renew membership, go to http://www.chinesecommunicationstudies.com/membership.html), and b) have successfully defended and deposited his/her thesis between January 1, 2015 and December 31, 2016.
The selection committee/research committee will judge the thesis/dissertation based upon the quality of the scholarship, including its conceptual or theoretical foundation, methodological rigor, originality and creativity, substantive contribution, and potential impact in the field. The award will be presented annually at the ACCS business meeting at the NCA convention.
The following materials are required for the nomination:
(A) one nomination letter (self-nominations are encouraged),
(B) a copy of the nominee’s vita, and
(C) three representative samples from the nominee’s body of work.
Instructors also receive two round-trip airline tickets between Beijing and their home country, international health insurance, and free on-campus housing. Semesters are 15 weeks long; semester start dates are based on the lunar calendar with fall semesters beginning early to mid-September, and spring semesters beginning in mid-January to early-February.
The Department of Communication is committed to promoting civic engagement and the use of communication to foster a more equitable and humane world. These values are embedded in our curriculum and embodied in all aspects of our faculty’s performance.
Interested applicants must apply online at http://ithaca.peopleadmin.com and attach a resume/CV and cover letter and a list containing the contact information for three professional references. Questions about online application should be directed to the Office of Human Resources at (607) 274-8000. Screening of applications will begin immediately.

Just wondering if literals can be used instead, at least in some cases.
If you want to go the "fuzzy" route ...
How do we know this stuff? --- Because we once questioned someone ... and almost fell out of our chairs when we clicked 'run,' and it worked the first time! ...
"How do people ... know this stuff?"

The recent filming of Wonder Woman 1984 brought a lot of attention to Alexandria, but dozens of other projects have boosted the local economy, too.
Amazon series Mount Hideaway has been filming in Alexandria, as well. The series follows a spy, a thief, a private eye and a country preacher as they solve crimes in a fictional small town.
With each project comes a boost to the local economy.
“The whole economic benefit of the film industry is that these are short term projects that generate immediate revenue, and yet don’t put a strain on city services,” said Ann Dorman, who operates the Alexandria Film Office through Visit Alexandria on behalf of the City.
“They come in, bring a lot of people with them who are staying in hotel rooms, eating in our restaurants, renting production materials, buying construction equipment and props, hiring local construction support, and also hiring local actors and talent. It’s an immediate boost to the economy,” Dorman said.
In some cases, the economic boost lasts for years, as has been the case with the PBS series Mercy Street.
J. Edgar, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, was a 2011 biographical drama about the life and times of FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover. It was nominated for multiple awards, including a Golden Globe, and won awards from the American Film Institute and the National Board of Review.
The 2000 movie starring Denzel Washington, Remember the Titans, followed the 1971 consolidation of Alexandria’s high schools and the integrated football team that won the state championship that year. The movie itself was filmed in Georgia (with a few scenes in Roanoke, Virginia).
“Having Wonder Woman in the West End is an example of the way Alexandria residents truly embrace and are always open to help with projects like this,” Dorman said. Alexandria’s Workforce Development Office coordinated the recruitment of a legion of extras. A call for vintage cars came out and the antique car community came out in force with 1970s and early 1980s vehicles for the production.
When Wonder Woman 1984 is finally released in 2019, expect a variety of film-related events in Alexandria. In the meantime, keep an eye out for other movies, television shows and independent projects being filmed in Alexandria’s streets and shops.

The audio files for download will be available soon, please check again in a few days time. Thank you.

Earth En route to the Moon in 1972 December, the Apollo 17 crew obtained this photograph of an almost full Earth. Africa and the Indian Ocean are well presented in this view.
Eclipsing binaries undergo a regular cycle of variation in apparent brightness because their orbital motions take place in a plane that is oriented at a relatively low angle to the line of sight. For eclipsing binaries, the inclination is usually not far from 90°, and, in any case, greater than about 58°. There will be a succession of two alternating photometric minima - one a transit, the other an occulta-tion (unless the stars are exactly equal in size). Eclipses may be total, partial or annular.
Though there is no definitely established case of an eclipsing binary member of a globular cluster, eclipsing systems have been observed in the MAGELLANIC CLOUDS. In principle, they offer the means of comparing stellar properties, in a direct way, over very large reaches of space.
About 6000 eclipsing binary systems are known, including many that also exhibit other forms of variability.
The first member of the belt was discovered in 1992. Through to late 2001 more than 500 objects had been found in this region. Their sizes are mostly in the range of 100 to 500 km (60 to 300 mi), although larger bodies exist, for example varuna. There is no reason to believe that there are not also many smaller members of this belt.
Egyptian astronomy Astronomy as practised by the ancient Egyptians, until the time of the Persian conquests in the first millennium bc. Although there are historical records dating back to around 3000 bc, there is no evidence that the Egyptians attained the technical level of babylonian astronomy. With a less developed geometry and number system, their knowledge of celestial motions was inferior. They did, however, possess a complex pantheon of deities that was closely linked to their constellations and creation myths, and solar rituals.
Einstein, Albert (1879-1955) German-American theoretical physicist who gained worldwide fame for his theories of special relativity and general relativity linking matter, space and time, which had a profound effect on cosmology. At school and college, he showed no special aptitude; Hermann minkowski, one of his professors at the Technische Hochschule at Zurich, later expressed his astonishment that such an ordinary student had become a genius. Einstein became a Swiss citizen in 1901 and, while working at the Patent Office in Bern, explained the photoelectric effect by using Max planck's radiation law to describe light in terms of 'quanta', discrete bundles of energy, later called photons. For this work, Einstein was awarded the 1921 Nobel Prize for Physics.
Relativity made Einstein world-famous, a media star like no other scientist before or since, his face a 20th-century icon. As a Jew, Einstein found conditions in Germany intolerable after Hitler's accession in 1933, and he remained in the USA, where he had been visiting Caltech. He became the first professor at Princeton University's Institute for Advanced Study, where he remained for the rest of his life, taking US citizenship in 1940.
With an angular resolution of 4", this satellite revolutionized x-ray astronomy. Operational for two and a half years, it detected thousands of new X-ray sources. Its observations confirmed that almost all types of stars emit X-rays. Knowledge of the X-ray properties of quasars was greatly enhanced by the Einstein Observatory, while its observations of numerous galactic clusters transformed our view of these extended X-ray sources.
The theory of electromagnetic waves was developed by James Clerk MAXWELL, who deduced that an oscillating charged particle would emit a disturbance that would travel through the electromagnetic field at the speed of light. He identified light as a form of electromagnetic radiation.
The Earth's atmosphere prevents most wavelengths from penetrating to ground level. Gamma rays, X-rays and the great bulk of ultraviolet radiation are absorbed at altitudes of tens or even hundreds of kilometres, where they excite atoms and molecules, dissociate (break them apart) or ionize atoms or molecules (expel electrons from them).
In the far-infrared there are no atmospheric windows, but a small proportion of submillimetre and millimetre wave radiation can penetrate to high-altitude sites. Radiation in the wavelength range from about 20 mm to nearly 30 m can penetrate to sea level, and this spectral band is referred to as the radio window. Waves longer than 30 m are reflected back into space by the ionosphere.
electroweak force Part of the grand unified theory (GUT) of the fundamental forces. Elementary particle theory suggests that in the early universe when the temperature was near 1015 K the electromagnetic force separated from the weak force and they became distinct independent forces.
All elements have some isotopes that are radioactive. A radioactive element is one that has no stable isotopes. Such elements may exist in nature because they have very long half-lives, for example uranium-238, which has a half life 4.5 X 109 years, or as decay products of longer-lived radioactive elements, for example radon, whose longest half-life is 3.8 days for radon-222. See also astro-chemistry; atomic structure
emersion Re-emergence of a star or planet from behind the Moon's trailing (westerly) limb at an occultation. The term may also be used to describe the Moon's exit from Earth's umbra at a lunar eclipse.
Early models concentrated on the possibility of a secondary component larger than the primary. One idea proposes an object some 3000 times larger than the Sun. It is suggested that the object is cool (perhaps less than 1000 K), emitting strongly at infrared wavelengths but remaining sufficiently dim at optical wavelengths to explain observations. Furthermore, this object would be tenuous and therefore semitransparent, explaining why the primary component spectrum is observed unchanged even during primary eclipse.
Eros was the main target of the NEAR SHOEMAKER space probe, which orbited the asteroid for a full year beginning in 2000 February, before being guided to make a soft landing early in 2001. Many close-up images of this asteroid were returned, plus other science data. The size of Eros was determined to be about 33 X 13 X 13 km (21 X 8 X 8 mi), and its mass 6.7 X 1020kg. Its rotation period is 5.27 hours. Eros is an S-type asteroid, with an ALBEDO of 0.16. See also MATHILDE
Studies of the light reflected from the dust cloud show that the central object varies in emission lines, especially those of hydrogen and neutral helium, with a period of
Eugenia main-belt asteroid; number 45. In 1998 it was found to possess a small moon, PETIT-PRINCE. Eugenia is about 215 km (134 mi) in size; it orbits at about 2.72 AU. See also CAMILLA; PULCOVA
Europa's surface is relatively smooth and much younger than that of other icy satellites, to judge from the paucity of impact craters. This paucity demonstrates that Europa experiences a rapid rate of resurfacing, driven by tidal heating, though it is not so rapid as on Io.
extrasolar planet The 50 m/s periodic variation of the radial velocity of 51 Pegasi. One cycle takes 4.23 days – the orbital period of the planet, which has a mass of 0.47 MJ.
extreme-ultraviolet Vaguely defined wavelength band that extends roughly from the end of the soft (low-energy) X-ray band near 10 nm to the edge of the FAR-ULTRAVIOLET near 75 nm.

Who is the demographic for this film? Are we going to see a return on investment or is this another money laundering project?
They cast a 40 year-old, literally who, black woman to reboot a hugely successful franchise that's like 4 years-old?
At this point in time, I can't not believe this is all a money laundering scheme. I just can't see any other way around it. These films keep seeing an awful presence everywhere they go. People hate them. People do not go to watch them. They get terrible reviews and never make any money. And yet they keep pushing them.
The only way I can see this working is as a money laundering scheme.
Hollywood is and is becoming an increasingly insular and delusional bubble. I can assure you the studio has a million dollar focusing group with a list of degrees a mile long who have guaranteed them this movie is going to be a huge hit due to the dynamic synergies of the zeitgeist aligning with capex.
The last movie isn't even 10 years old. Why do they keep rebooting things that don't need to get rebooted? How are movies going to have any lasting/staying/impact if they get rebooted 5 years after release?
21 jump street is way older than that
How is that a name? Jesus Christ.
It's a water company, isn't it?
It's fine as long as they get BLEACHED
It will probably do as great as Ocean's Eight.
She's Asian and it's a stage name, not saying it's any better but if you're gonna be racist be accurate
Hey, it worked for Ice-T. Ice Cube, Q-Tip, Fitty Scent and all of them rappers.
When are they gonna take the hint
It's safe to assume that yes these films are merely used for washing money from drug/human trafficking - when they bomb you can just chalk it up to people not being progressive enough or racist or blah blah blah and keep making them. It's pretty brilliant tbqh
Once again, women are proven to lack any originality whatsoever. How are you doing justice to your gender if all you're doing is riding on the coattails of male-created intellectual property?
Ocean 8 made $300 million on a $70 million budget. That's not a bomb no matter how you want to spin it.
They don't make movies for profit anymore. It's all agenda-driven because they have enough cash to sustain the losses. Once they run out of cash, who knows what will happen? They might try to make a good movie for once, but audiences will no longer trust them.
>it's not just a name given to her by her parents that she is stuck with
This doesn't make it any better. She could have gone with just about anything, and that's where she landed
I'm really surprised that old show got 2 reboots so fast.
> At 39 years old, isn’t Haddish a little old to be playing an undercover cop infiltrating a high school? Well, yes… if she was playing a student. But Collider hears that Haddish is going to play a teacher this time around, possibly posing as the mother of a new student — and fellow undercover cop (Awkwafina?).
Rewatch-value and lasting impact are bad for business. As you can’t charge people every time they watch a movie.
It might not have bombed but it was the lowest grossing one by far
The movie landscape is quite different than the 2000's when the ocean movies were made. Even if you remade it with men it still would gross less.
> Tiffany Haddish has established herself as a true force of nature in the comedy world, and it makes sense that Sony would entrust her with one of its major franchises. The idea of pairing her with a fellow comic dynamo like Awkwafina is genuinely exciting.
The worst thing is, they seem to be taking their cues from social media, which is a big mistake. Social media might be vocal, but it's actually pretty small amount of people who actually use it.
The problem is these women are insanely old are are ugly as sin. Are they really going to be high school or college students? At least jonah had a baby face and every woman on earth wants to fuck channing. Theres no way this movie doesnt bomb.
That's true. The previous movies were ensemble vehicles, where the draw was the names on the screen. At this moment, there are no actors, male or female, who can safely be considered as a draw for a movie like they are.
>At this moment, there are no actors, male or female, who can safely be considered as a draw for a movie like they are.
Wait they're rebooting the reboot from like 3 years ago?
Hollywood's probably always been a money laundering scheme since at least the 1970s. It's just WAY more fucking obvious now these days though.
You have absolutely no conception of how movie profits work.
even worse, I think, is that her claim to fame is the song "my vag" which is just a terrible spin on the original "my dick" song
I am absolutely aware of the excess costs of marketing/promo and delivery, which is why I said "made 4x budget" rather than "made $230m profit", you fucking cunt.
Come now, you can't say that almost every lead Marvel character isn't an A-list celeb.
Ghostbusters only had brand recognition to 40 year old nerds, so they shot themselves in the foot from the start.
Of course they are A-list, but that doesn't mean what it used to. Back in the day, A-list actor was a relatively sure way of getting asses on the seat. It doesn't work like that anymore.
>tells the white guy "my pussy wet. Don't worry about it."
It made $300 million worldwide. $140 million of that was domestic. Since the studio takes 50%, thay gross fully covers the $70 million budget. The foreign gross covers the marketing, and there's money left for profit. That's just the theatrical release. They will make extra money from streaming as well.
Yikes, I'd rather fuck Jonah Hill than the chick on the left.
I wanted to see the one with them becoming Chefs!
His biggest movies all are part of a franchise, one is Marvel, the other is Jurassic Park.
Tiffany is hot. And she had pretty nice feet for a black woman.
The studio doesn't get 50% of world box office, silly millennial. They get 50% of the first few weeks of the domestic, then that trails off. Exception being (((Disney))) that sometimes gets a bigger cut. Their cut from foreign is piss, and they receive it in money with holes in the coins. That adds issues of currency transfer and conversion.
And there's the back end -- but let's not belabor the point. Take this as a learning opportunity, and embrace it.
There's plenty of women that will watch it, or buy it from iTunes. But the point is it was profitable, even if only marginally.
Please just tell me we're getting a 23 Jump Street with Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum.
It doesn't matter how much you want this to be a bomb. It's not, and that's just a fact.
If I have to listen to that ugly chink talk like sassy black woman one more time I'll fucking lose it.
of course you do, because all you can think about is your black cock fetish
Why the fuck are they rebooting something that was already rebooted 6 years ago?
are you even aware of what year it is?
Why can't they create anything?
She's a comedian/rapper, retard. It's not her real name.
Why create something new when you could just make small changes to something that already exists and you know normies enjoy and will eat it up?
What are you even talking about? Ghostbusters hardly bombed, and Oceans 8 definitely didn't.
They rebooted a franchise people were already sick of and didn't even bring back any of the characters. Not to mention heist movies in general were much more popular in the late 90s-early 2000s than today.
It bombed. The "sticker price" for production isn't real budget for a big studio movie.
This is because they often look for investors, take loans, and all around spend the value of the production on marketing, distribution, and up front cash for merchandising.
185 million budget, 343 million in theaters. Still lost over 50 million.
They spent over 200 million on things other than making the movie itself.
Awkwafina was in TWO of the biggest movies of the summer. How the fuck do you idiots not know who she is?!
You're an ignorant child or desperate for (You)'s
with $185 million budget you need at least $450-460 million to break even. so of course it lost money.
but ocean 8 for example made over 4 times its budget.
It’s the end state of feminist film logic. They tried to make original all female works, and no one gave a shit. So they moved on to thinking they need to make movies that are already successful and then replace all the characters with women. This obviously doesn’t really make sense, but it is where they are at.
Jews have spent decades analyzing and perfecting international money laundering and tax evasion. I'm pretty sure that they can earn $11 for every $10 they spend just using accountancy tricks, as long as they don't do anything too visible.
If you think that's stupid, look back to 2008 and notice that a lot of imaginary value was turned into real money for the super-rich, then everybody else was left with the imaginary assets: in other words, debt. The super-rich actually profited from causing a recession.
Like people have pointed out dozens of times already in this thread, some of the biggest movies of 2018 were female-driven casts. Crazy Rich Asians, Oceans 8, Halloween, etc. Girls Trip was one of the biggest hits of 2017.
Just because you personally aren't seeing the movies doesn't mean no one is.
It still doesn’t make sense that anyone, even the Jews, would wilfully lose money to further an agenda. You’re expecting far too much from people who are really just greedy old fucks.
Is the joke that someone would choose such an incredibly stupid name?
It backfired, as people can easily believe a black person named their kid after bottled water or not realize they named their kid bottled water.
Why would I want a reboot of this series?
i wonder who this appeals to???
> 3% per year compounded for 10 years. Not to mention opportunity cost.
But, you don't even have a checking account, so why bother?
I mean...do these assholes think you just give something a name and that makes it successful?

ANGELA GILES PATEL has had her work appear in The Healing Muse and on The Manifest Station as well as The Nervous Breakdown. She tweets as @domesticmuse, and when inspired updates her blog: //airhunger.net. She lives in Massachusetts where she conquers the world, one day at a time.
Beautiful. Thank you for allowing us to peek into your memories. I’m speechless.
Thank you so much for reading and for taking the time to comment. -Angela
This too my breath away. So beautiful. You are a tremendous writer, and human being. I am so sorry for your losses- but my God, for you make beautiful art. Sending love and and clapping at your brilliance and bravery and artistry.
There was some bravery involved, but I think that some of the best things we do involve letting ourselves be vulnerable. Thank you for reading.
Thank you so much for sharing your experience & your strength. You have found a gift through all of it…and for that you are truly blessed. Bravo, brave soul. Bravo!
Thank you for your comment and for reading my piece.
I’m absolutely stunned… this was beautifully written. You are so brave and so very talented. Thank you so much for sharing your gift with us.
Bravery can be wonderous as well as scary. Thank you for taking the time to read.
Your writing, so raw and honest, reaches into my soul and shakes it awake…thank you for sharing your gift so vulnerably. xo
Thank you for your wonderful comment. I am humbled by it. I appreciate you taking the time to read my piece.
This is easily the most memorable and moving essay I have read this year. Thank you for sharing your gift with the world.
The way you describe the shifting from emotion to emotion, world to world, confusion to rage and everywhere in between, in a span of seconds that felt like ages – as though within a split-second the entire universe was torn apart and re-assembled into something that looks exactly the same, but into something so dark and empty, something I could hardly believe could be real. Dizzying.
Thank you so much for writing and sharing that piece, Angela Giles Patel. It is wonderful. I hope you don’t mind me commenting in this way. Writing like this always makes the hole close just a little bit.
Very fine piece of appreciation, Seth. I’m sure Angela will be proud that she has evoked these feelings in you – has filled the ‘hole’ with some emotions that calm you…
I appreciate the detail in your comment and am grateful that my essay spoke to you. We never fully heal, but getting used to the wound (or even a little more used to it) can be a huge victory. Thank you for reading.
Thank you for your comment. I am sorry that you understand the situation I wrote of as well as you do. I appreciate your reading my piece.
Just beautiful. Every word and the way you put them together.
alcohol takes away the will to choose; it takes several people and a bit of society to help the alcoholic to choose to stop and make amends (as crotcheted as they may be…)…
Yes, alcoholism is a terribly cruel disease that impacts far more than just the individual. Thank you for taking the time to read.
Thanks for sharing you nice memories with us. 🙂
Dear Angela, though my father hasn’t killed himself, I can truly relate to these words in your final paragraph, and I appreciate the honest poetry:
Your closing words about worst days, best days, and most days also strike a chord with me. Thank you for sharing this.
You completely captured the trauma and pain of what the children of alcoholics typically experience. The following sentences, more than any other, resonated with me. They were my sister’s and my life, too.
“So we took care of ourselves when we needed to, and, as circumstances required, took care of him. On any given day, he was more likely to be drunk than sober. We grew up learning to anticipate my father’s condition and adjust our behavior.”
Thank you for being brave enough to dig so deep and unearth this amazing jewel of an essay. It should be required reading for people in Al-Anon and AA.
Angela, I am glad I found this tonight. You are a great writer and it seems also a brave human being.
Nothing like this has happened to me in my family circle, although we have had deaths caused by disease, by accidents, and old age. The descriptive way this was written took took me to my fathers death and I thought, “What if”.
My heart sped up and I temporarily stopped breathing as I mixed my experiences and emotions with what played in my mind. I know my imagination isn’t equipped to create the overpowering heartache described here but I experienced a deep sadness and my chest and throat ached for all those children, spouses, and mothers (parents) who have known it first hand.
Thank you for sharing such a very personal, tragic experience in a way we can try to understand the pain of both the before and the after.
Read through the whole essay and I am not a good reader. Makes my life look much better compared to what you have gone through. Thanks for sharing.
This was simply so moving. I can almost feel the sadness your father felt. The self-blame, the hopelessness. It’s so hard to work and raise children, particularly more than one. You’re a fine, fine writer. Bravo.
This is brave and beautiful, Angela.
I feel honored to have read this … xo
Somehow I missed this the first time it was published. I am so happy it popped up again tonight. Yes this took my breath away too and I love you even more each time I see deeper into your soul. Boy you can write too. Loe you Mom-Barb
Every once in a while you find a piece, and from the first line or two you are in it completely and only come up for air when you’ve finished. This was one of those rare gems. Raw and brilliant. So exquisitely crafted.
I hadn’t seen this until today, when you told me that the subject of my writing was a close one to you, I knew that you knew. This was beautiful. Thank you. Much love.

2. A full set of test-identification attributes, including those that support data-driven tests.
A while back I began to have some concern about the future of NUnit. I was entering my 70s and I knew I wanted to spend more time on other things. NUnit had been very much my project for a few years and I didn’t want it to die when I was no longer maintaining it.
Starting about three years ago, we began the process of phasing me out of the project. It was difficult and time-consuming but now the transition is pretty well complete. Today, we have a much larger group of contributors and team members than ever before. I’m still involved but my level of participation is much reduced.
UPDATE: I’m leaving the post here but the action described has been reversed and the project continues to live at https://github.com/charliepoole/nunit-summary
The CheckWriteability method is required to throw an exception if the provided output path is not writeable. We do that very simply by trying to create a StreamWriter. The empty using statement is merely an easy way to ensure that the writer is closed.
Recently, I found a backup copy of the old blog and was able to re-establish it. Watch for some new posts in the near future.
Let’s say you have an array of ints representing years, all of which should be leap years.
NUnit 2.5 has so many new features (see the release notes) that I thought I’d try to come up with my top-ten favorites. It was hard to get down to ten, but here’s what I came up with…
This is my own list, of course. Yours may vary. Download the release, try it out and let me know what your own favorites are.
It turns out, based on experience of several people who have tried, that the syntactic modification has a lot of places where you can go wrong. You have to modify at least three additional files, even after you have written the constraint. Using NUnit’s code generation facility, you would simply add a line like this to NUnit’s SyntaxElements.txt:

There’s no straight answer to this, the most common question!
Insurance companies evaluate cases using many variables. Their job is to minimize your claim, while my job is to maximize it.
It also depends on how your injury progresses and we can’t know that until enough time has gone by.
For example, brain injuries that don’t appear to be serious at first, can become very serious over time. Furthermore, people don’t always heal the same. The same injury can impact different people differently.
I will work with you to raise the profile of your case and negotiate the best possible outcome in regard to money.
Most personal injury cases will take one to three years to resolve. This is why it’s important to hire a lawyer you trust and with whom you feel comfortable.
I’ve heard there are “timelines” if I’ve been in an accident, what are they?
There are statutes of limitations – deadlines – that we must work within when launching a suit. It’s important to know these deadlines and they vary from situation to situation. They also vary from province to province so don’t assume what goes for Alberta, for example, is what goes for Ontario.
Read more on timelines and how long you can expect your suit to take
Why should I be cautious with what I post on social media?
This is a great question – and a big issue.
If they see something that ‘appears’ to fly in the face of what you’ve previously communicated, for example, you can’t cut your lawn but then they see a picture of you cutting your lawn, this will erode your credibility and could impact your compensation package.
It doesn’t matter that you were simply trying to see if you could cut the lawn and ended up in bed for three days; the damage is done.
Read more about using social media while in a personal injury suit
They can and they do. Regularly.
Provided you are 100% honest from the start and inform me of changes in your condition so that I can inform the insurance company, it shouldn’t be an issue.
It’s when one’s situation changes, but that change is not reported, that surveillance can cause a problem similar to what we see when clients get tripped up with social media (read above.)
Read how, when and why insurance companies use surveillance.
You are free to go to the treatment provider you choose yourself.
It’s common for insurance companies to encourage you to use their provider, but I always advise my clients to go the provider they trust.
If that’s the same provider that the insurance company suggests, great. But if it’s not, don’t worry, you can still go to whomever you prefer.
How do you know how insurance companies think?
When I started my career, I worked defense for the big insurance firms. I argued cases from the insurance side so I learned firsthand how insurance companies think, how they determine compensation offers, and the tactics they use to decrease the value of your case.
This is why I became a personal injury lawyer – because I saw the difference a good personal injury lawyer could make and I wanted to represent those individuals who needed it.
To learn more about my background and why I became a personal injury lawyer, continue here
My fees are contingent on there being a recovery i.e. you only pay if you receive a settlement
If I don’t get a settlement, do I have to pay anything?
If we don’t obtain a settlement for you (which is rare), you are responsible for disbursements.
These are out-of-pocket expenses I incur on your behalf. For example, the cost of getting copies of your doctor’s report or hospital charts.
If you are paid, the disbursements are settled above and beyond my percentage.
Unfortunately, in the province of Ontario, we must charge HST. I wish I didn’t have to charge, but I do, so expect it.
How long have you been practicing personal injury law on behalf of injured people? Do you also act for insurance companies? What proportion of your work is solely for injured people?
I’ve worked in the field of personal injury for over 20 years although I opened my own practice more recently.
Prior to opening my own firm, I worked on behalf of the insurance companies so I learned how they think and saw first-hand what happens when people don’t have proper representation.
Now that I have my own practice, I do not act for insurance companies. I only represent victims. Read why I became a personal injury lawyer
Who will be managing my case, you or another lawyer in your firm or even another firm?
I run a small office and a tight ship. That means that I don’t delegate your case to a junior lawyer and you get the benefit of my senior expertise from start to finish.
How many files do you manage on an ongoing basis, how much attention to you give to each file?
I intentionally take on fewer clients that other personal injury lawyers because it allows me to give each client more attention. My clients are not numbers; they are people who deserve my undivided focus.
When I was talking to my insurance case manager they kept bringing up “MIG”, what is this and how does it apply to me?
If you are deemed to have a minor injury, you only get a certain amount in treatment support, and, even if you require more, the insurance company will try to hold you to that amount.
I feel tired, strained and stressed that my benefits are going to be cut off, what do I do?
I was recently in a motorcycle accident but I forgot to renew my car insurance, can I still get compensation for my injuries?
If you drove without insurance, you are not able to get compensation because there is no insurance company to sue.
I will always let you know when we’ve come to a point that I’d need to bill you before we get there. You have my promise on that.
When it comes to fees, I’m 100% transparent, and if there’s anything you’re not sure of, feel free to ask.
I used a personal injury calculator and it said I was entitled to a large payout. Can you get me that payout?
Personal injury calculators are not worth the online space they occupy.
Personal injury suits have so many variables; no one case is the same. There are also factors that calculators simply can’t take into account like credibility and how each person heals.
If you want to get an idea of what your case could be worth, your best bet is to talk to a lawyer in person.
FILL OUT THE FORM FOR YOUR FREE, NO OBLIGATION CONSULTATION

As we start to swing into fall, we will see some great sales on baking staples. It will be nice to be able to stock your pantry with some of these items! National School Lunch Week starts October 4, so you may find some great deals on organic snacks to go into your little one’s … [Read more…]
We’ve all been guilty of handing over our cash to the delivery driver, the drive-thru window, or even the curbside takeaway to spare us the stress of getting dinner on the table. In concept, meal plans work great. They give you a plan of attack for busy nights and save you from the added stress … [Read more…]
Are you making Christmas dinner for your family get together this year? Maybe you are cooking for a group of friends? Here are a few delicious Christmas Dinner Recipes that are sure to make everyone on your guest list asking for seconds. This Holiday Ham Rolled Bread from Living Sweet Moments would make a tasty treat to have … [Read more…]

365 Days Of Blessings The Secret To Attracting More Of What You Want Promotional Code
Category: Self Help - Date: 2015-04-23 - 365 days of blessings the secret to attracting more of what you want coupon code Earn great commissions on this unique, powerful, life-changing program (from a super affiliate in the personal development niche) while offering massive value to your followers! sign up as an affiliate here: http://365daysofblessings.com/affiliates
Category: Self Help - Date: 2015-07-15 - Picture of wealth earn up to $10,000 in affiliate prizes! is it real? Brand new product in personal development! 5 products, 50% commission across entire funnel! earn up to $10,000 in affiliate prizes!!! loaded with tons of affiliate tools and customer bonuses, so all you have to do is click "send"!

Looking for the cheapest car insurance in Bryce, Utah? We can help you compare the best deals. Simply enter your Zip Code in the form above and you will be on your way to finding cheap Bryce, UT auto insurance quotes from the best providers in Utah.
Auto insurance policies can include a vast assortment of protection, from liability-only to coverage that will correct the smallest dent or scratch on your car's paint occupation. With car insurance coverage getting required by legislation in numerous places, you may be puzzled as to what variety of protection you want. This report will make clear the basics and aid you learn what you want to know about auto insurance policy.
Keep a operating tab on automobile insurance policies charges every single year. If you are diligent about examining your plan possibilities with your carrier and others, you can preserve a whole lot of cash on your high quality. When you shop your insurance policies you can both discover a far more cost-effective firm or prompt greater cost savings from your recent insurance company.
If an individual brings about an accident that includes you and or your automobile, and their insurance only handles a part of the expense, or bills you have incurred, getting below-insured coverage on your plan will make up the difference so you never have any out of pocket bills, or aren't remaining with a massive deficit.
Be part of an car club to get greater costs and specific special discounts. Several of these golf equipment partner with diverse insurance coverage firms, so if you can sign up for a single, you can reap the advantages. Make confident to mention to your agent that you are a member of these clubs. Even if your company does not associate with them, they may still give you a reduce charge.
Do some thorough arranging ahead when shopping for your next vehicle. Arranging ahead can save you a lot of funds when it comes time to place it on your vehicle insurance program. Begin searching at figures and evaluating costs early on. It's often a fantastic concept to program for the foreseeable future.

Last week a mentioned briefly that I was removing the visual "noise" from around the house. Well, it's true. I've removed everything from the walls and shelves and tables, even rugs and packed them into my cabinet just to have a little break. I have enjoyed seeing the emptiness and blank space, it's been a nice change.
The other nice thing is when I do take out all of my knick knacks and decorations, I can think of new places to put them. I would definitely recommend giving this a try, it's better than buying a bunch of new stuff.
I do this as well - Unfortunately the visual noise always comes back again sooner than I'd like! I'm looking forward to a larger place where the visual noise ( ornaments basically ) can be more dispersed and I can appreciate it again.
This is such a good idea--I realised which things I loved and which I didn't when we moved. I packed up the knick knacks quite early and i realised that most of them I was keeping because someone had given them us rather than because I loved them--gave me some perspective definitely.
Love the view in the first picture, the simplicity and how open and fresh it looks. Could imagine this to remain this way - absolutely my style. I hardly ever buy any decoration stuff, but like to use my necessaries as decoration.
When you put all knick knacks (nice word) away, you realized what you are missing most and what you miss is important, rest -can stay in a cabin. I do this cleaning once a while. Looks nice as a empty. Have a nice week!
I think this sort of 'interior purification' is very good and helpful to refocus and reconsider some interior decoration decisions:-) I should do that too!
Some years ago I did the same thing and it is just like you're saying... I appreciated things differently when I put them out of closets and boxes again...
Oh, I thought that you are moving ;) What a nice idea - like a fresh start after putting everything away first! BTW - love the font, what is it?
I love the cupboard in picture 3. Where is it from?
i love this! i would do the same, but i'm the complete opposite...i can never decide where to put things so our walls & shelves are just completely bare all the time! either i need to get over my indecision, or get some cuter knick knacks like yours! :)
Amazing. I love this so much. Your home is beautiful both ways.
thanks for the inspiration, I think I am in need of this as well!
this is brilliant!!! you have beautiful walls. I seriously want to do this!
the thought behind this is great! love how it shows all the clean lines & gives a sense of visual serenity. makes me also think of keeping our place clutter free... well, minus the studio space. ;)

Identify how the glass buffet table sideboards will be chosen. That can help you figure out pieces of furniture to buy and what theme to opt for. Find out how many individuals will undoubtedly be utilising the room everyday so that you can buy the proper measured.
Load your space in with additional pieces as place can insert a lot to a large interior, but also many of these items will fill up a smaller interior. Before you check out the glass buffet table sideboards and begin purchasing large furniture, make note of several crucial conditions. Purchasing new sideboard is an exciting possibility that could entirely transform the look of the room.
When you are out buying glass buffet table sideboards, even if it could be easy to be convince by a merchant to buy something besides of your typical style. Thus, go buying with a specific look in mind. You'll have the ability to quickly sort out what good and what doesn't, and make narrowing down your alternatives faster and easier.
Desire to know about style or color scheme you want, you will need the basic elements to enhance your glass buffet table sideboards. Once you've obtained the essentials, you should insert some decorative furniture. Find art and flowers for the walls or room is perfect suggestions. You can also require a number of lighting to provide relaxed ambience in your space.
After deciding the quantity of place you are able to make room for glass buffet table sideboards and the place you would like available furniture to move, mark these rooms on the floor to obtain a good fit. Coordinate your sections of furniture and each sideboard in your room should fits the rest. Otherwise, your interior will appear chaotic and thrown together with each other.
Establish the design that you would like. When you have an design style for your sideboard, such as contemporary or traditional, stick to pieces that fit together with your style. There are several approaches to divide up interior to certain styles, but the main one is usually include contemporary, modern, classic and rustic.

6. Students shall enter the bus in an orderly fashion and go directly to a seat and remain seated until the destination is reached.
8. Students must keep their hands to themselves and use an inside spoken voice.
11. All articles such as athletic equipment, books, musical instruments, coats, backpacks, etc., must be kept out of the aisle. These items should be held on the student’s lap or placed on the floor between the student’s feet. Students are not to sit on back packs or musical instrument cases.
14. Students should always check their seating area for books, lunches, phones, purses and other articles that have fallen out on the route. Articles left on the bus will remain on the bus until the next route occurs. A parent may call the Transportation office to see if property was found on the bus by the driver.
19. All directions given by the bus driver are to be followed.
Elementary and middle school students that live farther than one (1) mile from their school are eligible for bus service.
1. The school bus is considered an extension of the classroom. The Transportation Department has the authority and responsibility for the discipline of all children riding buses.
2. It is the parent’s responsibility to discuss with the child the bus safety guidelines and cooperate with district administration. These guidelines should be kept by the parent/guardian for reference during the school year.
5. If the behavior of the child riding the bus results in a bus suspension, it is the responsibility of the parent/guardian to arrange transportation to and from school until privileges are reinstated.

At Dumpster America, we strive to bring you the best service at the best price available. We have a wide selection of dumpster sizes in stock in Council Hill, OK, with flexible & timley pickup and delivery. Give us a call today for all your dumpster rental and roll off needs.
You should ensure that you determine what you can and cannot dump within your dumpster. Different Rent a Large Dumpster in Council Hill businesses have diverse regulations, but they will at least abide by the principles of your surrounding area. Of course, a person allowed to eliminate all risky materials such as liquid color or essential oil or any other issue that have extremely strict guidelines regarding their disposal. In case, you actually city get recycling laws and regulations, you need to observe them as well.
Do You Know The best places to Place The Roll-Off Dumpster At the Job Site in Council Hill, OK
On the flipside, also be aware of companies that happen to be very large. Occasionally those companies have so many customers that each customer gets very impersonal service. For the kids, losing 1 customer is just not a big deal. This is also true if the organization is so big that it's nationwide.
The family bedroom is an important area where you you hang out. Videos and snacks are provided, conversations, games or Wii console games, and so forth. In the evening anyone congregates to the living room area so it is simply understood the reason why one would want a very secure and lovely living room area.
The trash accumulated within the business site will make your company famous for the garbage piles your location rather than product offered. you are required to perform necessary research to choose the best supplier at your company location. A wise investment constantly gives you the top return.
Minor and major businesses use dumpsters as well. Regardless of whether a business can be moving or possibly the type of company that has a lot of waste, this is a good idea to help them to have a dumpster that they can clean up together with at the end of the time.

Here is a report of a Tribe session recently.
Thank you for welcoming [me] into your home and Tribe. I smile and feel warmth when I think of you.
In the two weeks since our tribe meeting I am feeling lighter, happier, and more active in doing the work I always said I wanted to do but never did. Recently and very importantly, I notice I walk into a store or venue and don't look around to see who may be there.
I have a hard time accepting this result and my true intention to go nowhere. I feel like a fraud and a phoney. I start to feel sorry for myself but my judgement of that feeling shuts that down.
I would like to express my feelings about the video. I watch the video and I take note when a lady says that she feels bad the instant she walks past the average door.
I do not know what i feel at this moment, but the moment when the women start walking through the beautiful door, my eyes begin to swell with tears of joy for them.
I would like to thank the original faq contributor for sharing the video. The women looked truly happy as they walk through the door.
I feel many very painful feelings and go with them. I have a desire to feel instead of medicate, hide or make a commotion.
People are very, very kind to me. People show concern, interest and affection towards me that I have not experience before.
Something is very different. I feel completely vulnerable and ACCOUNTABLE.
I FEEL SURPRISED TO SEE ALL CAPS HERE AND DECIDE TO LEAVE IT.
After a few days of very difficult interactions AND RECEIVING -- THERE IT IS AGAIN, ACCIDENTAL CAPS LOCK! I hug someone that I have struggled with for years and receive their feelings without fear.​
This is new. My relationship to the activity is one of observer.
I feel the product of the system - pressure in my forehead, a mild chill in my torso and on my forearms as I inhale deeply.
I acknowledge and thank our beautiful courageous and loving tribe and the individual members.
I appreciate each of you and feel thankful for your support and friendship.
Thank you for sending me this demo - and for helping me along on the path of converting my Java Applets to Java Script.
I would like to respond to the woman (presumably) who wants to know how I feel about sending in the link to the Dove commercial.
Thank you for sharing your process and feelings.
I thank the sponsors of the video for their commitment to helping women know themselves as beautiful, simply by choosing to know that.
The Bali 9 have been in the local news a lot recently.
The men were convicted of drug smuggling in Indonesia.
I also see footage and documentaries that show a side of them as young stupid boys caught up in trouble, but have reformed themselves, having learnt from their mistakes.
There are interviews and documentaries, enough over time, that I get a sense of their personalities and they seem familiar as if I know.
They are executed by firing squad on Wednesday morning.
I see some pictures of the Vietnam War.
I attend a War memorial earlier this month and I see flowers and photos of strong, healthy young men, dressed as soldiers, who I can only assume who have been lost in Iraq or Afganistan.
I can't shake this sick feeling of waste and despair and sadness. I want to throw up.
Ed, I realise you must have been a young man at the time of the Vietnam war.
I wonder how you felt at this time and how you feel the war affected you?
I wonder if you have any wisdom you can share.
I also wonder how you feel about the current war on terror and Islamic State.
Thank you for sharing your process - and for sharing your feelings of despair and sadness about the human condition.
Thank you for wondering about my feelings about war.
I recall having many feelings about the workings of our society, back in the Vietnamese War days, such as anger, sadness and fear about the way people sometimes treat each other.
I also recall thinking all forms of oppression senseless and that if only people could come to understand things better, they would stop behaving in such inefficient and inhumane ways.
Throughout my life, I continue thinking about the human condition. Recently, I come see it as the dynamic interplay between two theories of life.
On one hand we have the Free Competition model, in which people compete fiercely to please each other and, in the process, generate an increasing standard of living for each other.
On the other hand we have the Govopoly model, in which people form alliances to suppress and dominate each other and to split up the spoils from a system that no longer has the capacity to produce any more spoils.
At this point in the story of Western Civilization, I estimate we occupy a zone near the end of Govopoly dominance, imminently antecedent to chaos.
For some historical perspective, you might like to see: http://nevadajournal.com/2015/04/28/how-obsessions-dictatorial-prussian-junker-led-br-todays-problem-ridden-workers-comp-system/
I conclude that efforts on behalf of freedom, that employ methods such as resistance and confrontation, do not work, and cannot work, since they employ the very methods they pretend to disavow.
I hold that a society might, possibly, develop more humanely if and only if the individuals in that society come to employ intimacy-centric methods such as sharing feelings, assisting each other along paths towards self-realization, personal growth and individual freedom.
I also hold that the intimacy-centric model has personal advantages for those who practice it - and additional personal advantages for those who assist other people to experience it. In this way, societal transformation might possibly occur as individual people, sensing personal advantage, come to employing intimacy-centric living.
In a few cases, such as in mine, you can also support it as a chronicle, as long as you remember to refrain from crossing over the line into advice.
Hence, I suggest to people that they might like to consider some idea or another - including taking their feelings to Tribe to experience the benefits of the intimacy-centric society in their own ways.
I rarely give advice or tell people what they "should" do as this would only provide a counter-example. Mostly, when I want to change things, I take myself to the Hot Seat and work on my own issues.
I also maintain this blog - and notice, with considerable satisfaction and deep joy, as people such as yourself come to apply intimacy-centric principles in their personal lives and then beyond, as they find ways to share, in intimacy-centric ways, their feelings about the workings of the society as a whole.
I wonder if the person who sent the link on women and their self-image is a man or a woman.
I feel vulnerable about this very explicit description of the struggle that I have felt, and sometimes still feel, regarding my self-image. I have not yet become completely able to embrace vulnerability. Have you?
The idea of a bunch of men sitting around watching women expose their feelings bothers me.
I was trained, by my father who I adored, not to get a swelled head by thinking too highly of myself.
I know that was a rock that he used himself, and I have used it for many years.
have concerns about their bodies,
We started drumming, and then Ed, taught a new methodology or how to ask for things. and ask the other party for commitment. very powerful.
Starting with the first client, brought up the personal issue he wanted to work and bothered him the results he was having.
In this process i was surprised to see that not only the behaviors you learned (rocks) were from family but also from other characters outside the family as coaches and people we admired.
The client development various forms with a very high intensity. Then he went to each of the Tribe members informing his commitment to work on the issue.
We proceeded to perform the role play with family members and externals, the rocks ( learned behaviors) he returned to each of the people who donated thanking and saying that he did not need it anymore.
It's good to be in the Tribe and learn from each other.
Thanks to all members of the Tribe for making this possible.
Your report does not reveal much of your own personal experience.
You mention surprise, without describing your personal experience of it - such as widening of your eyes, gasping for breath and so forth.
You might consider reflecting on your own personal experience, identifying an issue and preparing it for the Hot Seat at the next Tribe meeting.
Thanks for posting the great link on self-image for women. As I watch it I smile and notice a feeling of lightness in my chest. I feel glad that this trend (acceptance of our bodies as they are) seems to be growing.
I wonder what, if any, comparable insecurity exists for males. I wonder what the video clips of men passing through those two doors might look like. I wonder if the relevant doors for men would say something different than "Beautiful" and "Average".
Since you and presumably most of your readers are men, I wonder what labels you might put on the doors to illustrate a self-image struggle for men.
Of course, there is always the possibility that many men would either not notice the labels over the doors or assume it had nothing to do with them and not give it a second thought!
That actually sounds kind of refreshing to me.
I enter this meeting with a strange sense of actually being present. The previous meeting was a big one – I'm still feeling the impact of the process and practicing my new proactive behavior.
Before the meeting I print out the Rocks Process Flow Diagram (from FAQ) and review it. Up to this point I've been like a passenger in a car, getting to the destination without really having to pay attention to the directions. I have my chart and make notes as we progress.
During the first process the client says that he is apprehensive about getting into it. Chief integrates a "Go-around-the-room" step which fits [in before] "Freeze" and "Locate Incident" and "Role Play to Confirm Incident".
This is an experimental step that we have used one time before in the PR tribe. Its purpose is to test for willingness – but for real test – the client has to prove to each member that he is willing to feel the feeling and do the work.
It fits nicely in this situation because the client's issue is around trying and failing. Chief notes that we could quickly get into a codependent process when working on a problem like this - the client might use process to fail again and blame tribe.
The client is very vulnerable and brave during this step - he is already deep in his emotions. As he goes around the circle proving willingness he appears to really grasp that he could be setting himself up to fail, even in Tribe, and I can see the realizations coming thick and fast.
I latch onto a comment he makes about pumping himself up just so he can fall even further, we get into exploring this – shouting and pumping each other up – I can see in his eyes that he gets it and is willing.
Each member brings a slightly different angle to the willingness test and by the end we have surrounded the issue together – no doubt is left around willingness and the path is clear to move forward without any codependence.
We don't need a lot of characters for the role play, I observe and take notes. The Tribe gets into it – checking for accuracy. We discover that a childhood hero is missing - the Governator!
After break Chief asks who wants to work. One Tribe member says that he wants to get into it. He has an issue with blanking out and putting on big positions later in the day only to watch volatility dry up and give back profits that he has been building up in the morning.
Next is "Role Play to Confirm Incident." Chief asks who wants to run process; I'm taking notes and decline. The client from the previous rocks process takes up the role. I'm impressed that he is able to take this on when he must still be feeling pretty raw. I try to help out process, but feel more like I get in the way then actually help.
The client is getting into it and I can tell he is tortured with his mind racing, I've never known anyone to suffer from this, but it seems like an amped up version of can't switch off thoughts - which I can relate to. Process continues and I take responsibility to donate the Heart Rock. I feel a lot of emotions during this step and struggle to stay present.
During check out I ask about techniques for dealing with a racing mind, and get great suggestions from my Tribe. Meditation – Just staying with it and watching the show – Heavy blanket – Wife laying on top of you – Swimming underwater.
Thank you for sharing your process and for documenting the recent evolution of the Rocks Process.
You might like this commercial about self image.
I have internal dialogue overwhelming me from different points of view. All are relevant and meaningful on their own. All at once they are loud and frenetic.
The first tribe member to check in is the first hot seat for a rocks process that addresses feelings of don't want to do it and disappoint others.
We break after the successful conclusion of the rocks process.
Later, the hot seat from the first process serves as process manager for my process.
I ask each tribe member to help me.
I feel vulnerable and exposed and fragile.
It feels like a raging swirling energy in my chest, abdomen and forehead. It's hot and turbulent. I don't describe the feelings. I use words like terrified and unsure.
One by one I am able to connect with and receive the support of each tribe member.
I surrender to the process and try to find a form.
I'm struggling to latch on to a pre-conceived idea of what the issue is.
Many thoughts, memories and ideas compete for my attention.
I compress my head from the sides.
I open my eyes and feel as though I have been crying.
PM and the rest of the tribe have helped me to identify a scenario from my childhood.
A Tribe member volunteers to be my Aunt.
My aunt silently enters the room and compresses me. She pulls my legs out from under me and presses down on my back to flatten me out.
I feel caught, squashed and it's hard to breathe.
The weight lifts and only a hand remains on my back for a moment.
Eventually I repeat the rocking motion and the cycle continues once or twice more.
I'm quiet. I don't know how to help figure it out. I trust the Tribe to guide my process. I feel like curling up and rocking even more. I feel shaky and turbulent inside. I feel stunned, flat and without feelings on the outside.
I remember cutting myself to feel and be in control of a feeling. I don't tell the story. I just feel the feeling. The memory passes.
I stay in the now and trust that someone will know what to do.
We all agree that it feels right.
I feel sad and afraid knowing that I will let go of the rock and afraid I won't feel safe again.
I linger in the flat position for a while after the hand has lifted and her presence is gone. I feel the call of the cycle and know it's time to move on.
I decide I want something different for my life and for my children.
I feel that I trust her and realize how this pattern fits with the results I create throughout my life.
I ask for her to put her hand on my back, she does and I feel loved and a calm inner sense of self worth and stability.
We check out from the process. I thank each tribe member and release the tribe member from the role of my aunt.
As we mingle after the meeting I feel connection with the Tribe members. Many offer me a reassuring hand on the back.
I think about this relationship and the many ways I have used this rock in my life. I see that I inhabit a system that is largely based on using this rock. It has even evolved over the years from commotion rock to crisis rock.
I return home from Puerto Rico to a family crisis.
A major incident unfolds that has major ramifications for my life and for my children.
The crisis presents all the feelings I am afraid to feel at once. I see it is directly related to having habitually used the crisis rock.
My life is already very, very different.
I see things differently and my role in the foundation for the crisis.
Having heart rock and this process fresh in my mind is essential as I experience chaotic results that are years in the making.
I'm in tremendous pain and there is a lot of upheaval.
I share my feelings as I navigate with no map.
I feel thankful for Tribe. I feel in awe of the "just in time" timing of this process.
I know that using Heart Rock will lead to an eventual resolution and that things will improve the more I use it.
I would like to acknowledge my tribe for their support and the gift of this last rocks process.
Thank you for sharing your process, for implementing new methods on behalf of yourself and your family and for helping to move this work forward.
Tribe starts on time. I notice that the intention to start each tribe meeting on time with all members present is clear. This is a good lesson for me, there are traffic jams and flight delays and all kinds of excuses, and still the intention = result.
The client recalls an incident in childhood where he is encouraged to run a foot race with a friend. The friend is faster and more athletic; he does not want to race and does anyway. We discover he had gotten 3 rocks from this experience 1) get all pumped up 2) Just go along 3) Go through the motions, but don't bother giving it your all, you'll fail anyhow.
Tribe has helped me to identify recurring drama and see how I am participating, precipitating, and often scripting or controlling the dramas. I find myself judging others much less, after all in many cases I am writing the script of the drama, so if anyone should be blamed, it's me.
During the rock process, the tribe helps me figure out more proactive responses: do not let others force you into races you don't want to race, if you want to win research the techniques from winners, drop this over promise to disappoint pattern. These all centered around the basics of sharing feelings, establishing rapport, communicating clearly and honestly.
we all win by working together.
I also notice a general lightening-up in the tone of the meeting; Tribe members eagerly assume their roles during role playing - and seem to have fun really hamming it up.
I feel honor in participating in this process and await our next meeting to hear him tell how his new insights and reaction patterns show up in his life.
He convinces the Tribe he has willingness to engage the Rocks Process. He finds himself, alone, in his crib; his caretaker, an adolescent female who prefers to stay in her own room, amusing herself - more than watching over client.
Client learns that if he raises himself up on all fours and rocks himself back and forth, he can bang his crib on the wall, making noise. He can further raise the noise level by mumbling to himself. This attracts his caretaker, who arrives, feeling irritation, to calm him down.
She does this by pulling his legs out from under him and pushing him flat. He finds solace and comfort in the feeling of her hand on his back. To this day, he enjoys having his wife touch him on his back.
I feel happy to participate in this process and develop curiosity to find out what changes he might report in our next meeting.
. Thank you for sharing your process and for documenting the meeting and parts of the Rocks Process.
It is my intension to provide a report of our last meeting.
At our last meeting I arrive preoccupied with a number of feelings and a lot of mental chatter.
The first Tribe member's check in feels very intense and emotional. Sadness and an out of control feeling are what I feel as he speaks.
Hot seat receives the "over promise, under deliver" rock from his dad. He receives the "just go along with it" rock from his mother. He receives the "pump up" rock from an imaginary friend and role model based on a famous athlete/persona he admires.
When the time comes to forgive rocks, there is some confusion about which (physical) rocks were donated by which rock donors.
There is a feeling of levity after the process.
I'd like to inform you I cannot get my Tribe Report in on time (by Thursday, the 30th) due to a number of pressing events.
Thank you for sharing your process and for informing me of your intention (and mine).
I run the Puerto Rico Tribe and I do it according to a process; namely, if I do not see your report by Thursday, I accept, by implication of non-compliance, your withdrawal from the PR Tribe.
If you do find a way to get to it, you might like to include some of your feelings about keeping agreements.
In any event, you may continue writing to FAQ according to your own wishes.
I wish you all the best in your journeys,
I feel a very heavy heart and a heavy head following a few events.
I assist a family where in the family unit has 3 people.
The mother of the child who had to leave her job to care for the child full time since the last 3 years.
The husband was immidiately admitted to undergo an emergency operation due to tissue growth in the abdomen. I see their state of not having enough money, care for both child and husband.
I get an email from my sibling who tells me that my brother is suffering from Skitzophinia and located in another state. I talk to my wife about it. My wife is pregnant, and doesn't get along with my family.
My wife provides me a choice of either walking away from marriage and visiting my brother or just stay.
My wife has undergone 3 miscarriages and says that she does not want any further stress from me.
I find myself in a terrible state of mind thiking my brother helped me whilst I was a student and this may be my turn to do something for him. I really feel lost and shaken,
You might consider establishing rapport with your wife and finding out exactly how she feels - without judging her. After that, you might also try letting her know how you feel - in a respectful way.
By observing myself, I notice that the act of watching the hour on a clock or a watch might sometimes heal a feeling of emergency without dealing with the underlying situation. And when we lose this feeling we miss motivation to act.
Now, I feel better the usefulness of those watches on FAQ full of the inscriptions "now" in place of the habitual figures.
I haven't been following the site for some time as I've added to the essential tribe (see attached).
Govopoly looks to be good work. I ordered the book. I do notice that I'm only able to access 1/5 (tool making lab) models from either a MAC or Windows. The rest are throwing errors (ie. null pointer exception, etc.). I suspect the issue is related to higher security in the new java updates (e.g. med security no longer available). I'd like to play with them, if you have time please fix.
Thank you for sharing your process, for sending me the photo and for reporting the breakdown of Java Applets.
I plan to rewrite the apps in Java Script - and also to produce a video showing how the apps work.
During my first experience with Tribe I find it to be a little unusual because I couldn't understand the purpose of inflicting physical pain on yourself.
During Tribe the person on the hot seat was experiencing form while encouraging him he was scratching his arm until I thought he would draw blood. Thank you for sharing your process.
the experience of drawing blood.
Another great tribe meeting. I never know what to expect when the drumming starts. I learn and enjoy going with the flow.
I am grateful to you Chief and to tribe members for the experience.
Thank you for sharing your process - and for unclogging.
Hope you are doing well. I read this article recently and thought about you. I have also noticed that I do better when we set process oriented goals vs results oriented goals.
Thanks for all you answers in the Tribe - it helps people like [me] keep going.
Thank you for sharing your process and for sending me the link.
The company I work before has a new opening which involves working with more people instead of staying in an office. I find that it interests me and want to meet them next week.
Perhaps, in releasing your Heart Rock, you aim to tell yourself you would like to get back on the Hotseat and earn another one.
I write to say thank you for posting charts and for your sharing your thoughts. Its is helpful, and the spirit of your giving is noticed, acknowledged if your will, and appreciated.
Thank you Ed and other traders for sharing your trading methodologies. They have helped me become a better trader.
Thank you for acknowledging me, the work, and yourself.
It has been said for quite some time that paper is dead now -
this one is great and only 39 seconds long, so do watch it all...
Thank you for sending me this production.
I suggest staying in your seat for the entire performance.
My experience, as in the past, is "OK" but muted in my judgement. No "Fantastic Journey".
The following Monday & Tuesday I'm under a lot of pressure at work and I get upset & angry.
Since I am working my way through "A Course in Miracles", I rely on Daily Lessons 22 & 23: "What I see is a form of vengeance" & "I can escape from (my angry) world by giving up attack thoughts" to dissolve my anger much faster than usual.
I focus on the task at hand & the next step.
Things work out surprisingly well.
Another takes a few hours and is done.
Back-to-back 12-hour days take care of the lion's share of things and I'm sitting here Weds. AM amazed at how well things are going.
Your method of looking for ways to escape from your feelings seems consistent with "no fantastic journey."
In Tribe, we aim to dive into our feelings and to examine their origins and their positive messages for us.
Though I love your rich description of feeling freedom without saying "I am free", wouldn't another possibility allow me to say, "I feel free" rather than "I am free"? Just in case I desire a quick (yes, lazy) way to say it without the B-word?
I offer you and my fellow workshop participants my 6-month follow-up:
My journey continues on from the workshop through painful self-discovery, frightening aloneness and joyous Breathwork. I meet amazing people as well as grieving and loving those who no longer stand beside me. I simultaneously release my need for others and allow them to move closer to me, and me to them.
Thank you for raising this issue and for proposing a quick and lazy way.
In TTP, the word "free" does not qualify as a feeling, form or emotion. It does qualify as a situation, a state or condition outside of your senses. The condition of freedom might elicit thoughts and feelings within you.
Your might consider re-writing your poem in terms of feelings; leave your mind out of it and let your body write to my body.
I cannot recall ever feeling this alive. [this alive does not qualify as a feeling].
How can I teach to my young child of 3 years old this important concept?? I believe that the sooner children integrate this concept the better they are responsible in life.
If you live by principles, they grow up and live by the same principles.
I would like to thank your for sharing your knowledge about trading and trend following.
If i had discovered you and your way of trading during my time at the university i would have asked you for a Job:).
If you want a job, you might consider sharing yourself fully with others.
Could you please clarify how ommitting the verb "to be" improves upon SVOP? For example, I'm not sure if I can see any material improvement by changing
I thank you for your help and guidance.
You might consider this from a couple viewpoints.
B. I have freedom (more accurate).
This time, I meet her gaze, purposefully, as a key meets a lock, "I hear you and I feel your rage and I want you to know you can't buy my affection with your anger anymore."
As I leave her house and head down the street, I notice myself standing a little taller, breathing a bit deeper and hearing myself whistle a tune from my childhood.

Believe it or not, there still are people who leave the keys in the ignition of their car or truck.
It might be because they’re going back to the house for a cup of coffee or to grab something they need for work.
Or, with fall’s cooler temperatures, they’re warming up the car.
Whatever the reason, the outcome is often this: a stolen vehicle and all the ensuing headaches.
Fresno Police Chief Jerry Dyer said Wednesday that keys were left in the ignition of 26 of the 175 vehicles stolen over the past four weeks.

Our Tiny Thatcher Taoiseach is still a toddler on the world stage and he gets prickly when dragged back down to Earth to explain his latest cock-up at home
IN March, the Government announced it was winding down the controversial Strategic Communications Unit by July.
Varadkar’s advisers warned it would be seen as a “vanity project”.
So as promised, Leo’s spin unit was shut down. Or was it?
Media was offered sweeteners to attend the launch, with pledges to cover the accommodation costs of journalists travelling to New York.
And the man in charge of the bid is John Concannon.
He’s the first person to appear in frame during the slick film, and the last.
Just to hammer home Brand Leo (caring, cool and modern), he appears a THIRD time — more than anyone else.
If the bid was supposed to focus on the Irish Defence Forces’ brave record in peacekeeping, you couldn’t tell from the video. The first soldier doesn’t appear until over two and a half minutes in, after we’ve heard from Leo . . . twice.
It’s broad, subjective and mawkish of course. The UN bid makes it feel like the Strategic Communications Unit still exists, but is just called something else now.
In fact, they were so wary that such a Leo-centric campaign was likely to be seen as another vanity project, the Taoiseach literally said “there is no vanity here, this is serious stuff” in his speech at the UN.
The launch was a success, but the Taoiseach couldn’t help but add another trademark of his world stage appearances — an embarrassing gaffe.
His comments to a private audience where he expressed support for Donald Trump’s attacks on the free press took the shine off the trip to New York. Again.
It happened when he ruined his trip to the US in March too.
The outburst makes little sense when you consider how Leo was invented by the media after his tireless courting of it for years as a young TD.
So he prefers no scrutiny or criticism that reveals anything at odds with that brand. It’s important to note his half-apology did not include a retraction of his central view that journalism is “not interested in the truth but the story”.
It’s true the media is not above scrutiny, but it is not healthy when a leader so obsessed with spinning a particular image of himself seeks to undermine faith in journalism.
Amid sad library footage of your poor, your tired and hungry abroad, you’d think Leo was determined to personally save them all.
Viewers couldn’t possibly have guessed how Leo, the son of an immigrant, rose to prominence by uttering questionable views on immigration, not to mention his more recent scorn for social welfare recipients and uncaring comments on homelessness.
Is the message about how Ireland will care for unfortunate foreigners so long as they don’t come round here?
Leo was furious when he had to shut down his beloved Spin Unit after journalists’ investigations. It was one of the very few initiative’s he’s had since becoming Taoiseach. Has he ever forgiven them?
Perhaps his response has only begun. The first act was to partially re-establish the SCU with a different aim and name but with the same guru in charge.
The next may be a plan to undermine trust in the press? The mask is slipping
THIS week President Higgins will outline his intention to seek a second term.
Michael D is an unstoppable force and he will be the first sitting President to face election since Dev over 50 years ago.
He has never been subjected to a tough one-on-one interview in his entire term.
Questions about whether he planned on breaking his promise to only serve one term were practically prefaced with an apology.
I can attest that making fun of the President is also a challenge.
The Aras and its huge running costs are exempt from Freedom of Information and the President’s own salary and expenses are protected from cuts by the Constitution.
Michael D is therefore wildly popular simply because he is shielded from the sort of examination that might alter the public image of him.
Anyone seeking to use their campaign to question his spending or views will likely be seen as cruel and undignified.
The contest is therefore likely to only attract candidates seeking to raise their profile rather than win.
And so far, those throwing their names in the hat have been figures with few achievements to their name.
It is by no means the end of it as Tory hardliners gear up for a Summer of discontent aimed at causing enough upset to cause a ‘no deal’ exit.
Our primary concerns seemed to be answered, with Britain set to align itself to EU rules on food and goods. This would mean no impact on our agri-food exports and no hard border.
Last week I was travelling between Switzerland and France, the latter an EU State and the former outside the bloc.
It’s a soft border, but the apparatus of a hard border remains and checks are made intermittently. The structure is a sort of enormous toll booth, complete with barriers and holding areas. On my journey, vehicles crawl through unimpeded, but the ­facility is still maintained and upgraded.
Although the border is seen as a model for Ireland, it’s not much different from the apparatus we deconstructed after the peace process.
Then came news from Germany that Angela Merkel has agreed to set up “transit centres” along her borders for asylum seekers in a bid to stay in power.
This will probably lead to border checkpoints between Germany and its EU neighbours, leaving us to wonder what all the Irish border fuss is about?
If Germany is determined to end the most obvious symbol of European unity, maybe avoiding a hard North-South border is not so sacred after all.

There’s no doubt about it, Texas is big and very popular among RVers. You have everything from coastal towns to sprawling metropolis and even desert landscapes. Texas is full of great sights and sounds but I’ve managed to whittle it down to my top five RV parks, grounds and sites for the Lone Star State.
This resort town is perfect for RVers who want to relax in the sunshine or do some excellent saltwater fishing. You get all of the amenities and features you’ve grown to love with KOA at the South Padre Island KOA. This KOA can handle rigs up to 98’ with their full utility hookups, picnic table, cable TV and Wi-Fi access. Bathrooms, showers and laundry facilities are kept neat and tidy for your use. This KOA has several other amenities and features including a dog park, fitness center, on site restaurant, camp store and even a tour shuttle to explore what South Padre Island has to offer.
South Padre Island has been drawing in tourists for a while due to its lovely weather, soft sandy beaches and warm gulf waters. One of the most popular activities is renting out a charter for offshore or deep sea fishing, see if you can’t land a big one! For the kids there’s the Black Dragon Pirate Ship and Schlitterbahn Beach Waterpark, not to mention some great shopping and dining.
Oak Forest is only ten minutes from all the fun of downtown Austin. There’s something for everyone as Austin offers a diverse array of history, culture, live entertainment, excellent food, shopping and sightseeing. We recommend biking the Town Lake Hike and Bike Trail to get a great feel of Austin. Also take some time to soak in Barton Springs Pool to beat the Texas heat.
You can begin your southern Texas journey at Maverick, first up to explore is the Rio Grande and desert trails of Big Bend National Park. Big Bend is home to more than 450 species of bird making it a birdwatcher’s paradise. You can also take guided river tours, bike rides or you even take a private plane ride over the area. Maverick Ranch is first and foremost a golf resort so feel free to work on your handicap while staying here.
Medina Highpoint Resort is your home base to explore the history and sights of the Texas Hill Country. They aren’t kidding when they call this place a resort. You get plenty of amenities at your site like 20/30/50 amp hookups along with water, sewer all on a spacious concrete site, large enough for to park a vehicle on as well. The bathrooms, showers and laundry facilities are all kept in excellent condition. There’s a convenience store with plenty of supplies, fire pits, playgrounds, an onsite restaurant and a concierge to help you to decide what to do in the area.
Texas offers a wide range of travel destinations for those RVing through the south.

The story of coming here as a child is a story my father told often.
My father remained here for his entire life, passing away in a VA hospital at the age of 87. He made a life here without papeles until he was drafted during World War II. When they discovered he didn’t have immigration papers, they took him to Tijuana and had him re-enter the United States as if it were his first time. They called it “the drying out process,” drying out a wetback.
DACA, initiated in 2012 under President Obama, defers deportation of undocumented young people who were brought to the United States as children. They must meet numerous requirements in order to receive deferred action status and over the course of its existence, about 800,000 people have received protection by DACA. Since it began, over 95% of Dreamers are in school or working.

Cryptocurrencies are a form of digital asset formulated to also function as a medium of exchange. A fancy way of saying it can be used to make purchases, and to sell things. Every transaction is incredibly secure because they're built on a framework of cryptography. Cryptography is the art of writing and solving codes. It's a means by which plain text is scrambled into ciphertext, then back into its original form.
It's also not affected by inflation because these digital monies like Bitcoin, Etherium, Dogecoin, etc. are completely fixed in the amount ever created. Inflation in Allambie Heights can only be caused by making, or creating more money, at the source. The more there is of it floating around, the less it's all worth together.
You can consider cryptocurrencies as digital or electronic money because they are used as a medium of exchange everyday. Supported by unalterable mathematical principles, they are far safer as a variety of real money. Back to TopBack to Top
All done by tampering with a system where you keep your money. A blockchain makes that impossible. In truth, there's a higher chance of getting knocked over by a wild boar in Allambie Heights, than likelihood that anyone might break into the info on your financial and personal info. Unlike the way Equifax exposed the personal information of 145.5 million people.
Digital Money ATMs are being put in just about everywhere, with numerous new installs appearing every day. If you'd really love to get one made available near your business or home, it's important to let us know! In just about every city and town, savvy business folks decided to start investing in cryptocurrency ATMs, and getting them up and running fast. Examining your own entrepreneurial passions, you may imaginable even consider investing in some machines. Back to Top
Opportunities to invest are on the rise because blockchain technology products and digital monies are not only money but real property. Assets could increase in value over time, therefore investment vehicle choices are a lot more diverse.
The money you keep in your bank will never be worth any more. Inflation is the slow – but guaranteed – reducer of the future value of your money. Picking up cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Etherium, Dogecoin, etc. could mean holding both – assets and money. Undeniably, there exists risks, and they need to be thoroughly understood. Yet, there's nothing available that is risk free.
What's a total certainty though, that your money I accounts will lose value. Back to Top
The legal status of Bitcoin, Etherium, Dogecoin, etc. varies by country. However, Europe in general, Canada, the United States, Japan, most European countries, the United Kingdom, and indeed most of the world has, already expressly categorized cryptocurrencies.
Within their regulatory, tax and legal framework, they've opted for a no-regulation approach of cryptocurrencies, recognized it as a form of currency, or are effectively supporting their evolvement, adoption and technical progression. But in general, most governments have no agenda to prevent innovation at the possible risk of bringing in too much regulation.
Fundamentally, nearly all modern and economically developed countries have either wholly embraced them, or, like with what happened with the internet, have accepted that they can't now and won't be able to effectively regulate, stop or control them globally. Ergo, to hold, buy and use cryptocurrency is absolutely fine. You'll just have to look into how it's dealt with in your own area of Allambie Heights. Back to Top
The fact is that most national jurisdictions most likely, have already applied some kind of approach as to how cryptocurrencies are dealt with for taxation, you'll have to either check online or ask your accountant. By and large, in most cases, it'll be very easy to reconcile. The taxation of cryptocurrencies over time is assuredly foreordained, in most areas. Paying the taxes on profit from cryptocurrencies will not be hard as far as paperwork goes!
The compulsory paperwork may not be readily available, but you'll easily find it by Google-ing it. What counts is the distinction for tax considerations of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Etherium, Dogecoin, etc.. Whether it's deemed to be a currency or a property. Nationally and in New South Wales. Back to Top
Money is considered to have three underlying parts.
They Are: (a) Medium of Exchange – what you know of as the thing to buy things with, (b) Unit of Account – the system used to account for money, (c) Store of Value – so you can use it later.
Ergo, it can be used anywhere, including in Allambie Heights, NSAU, and everywhere else you decide to travel to in the world. Of course, this is also applicable to every national currency.
It's incredible how quickly the number of companies – local and online are making extremely secure digital money like Bitcoin, Etherium, Dogecoin, etc. as a category accepted payment method in Allambie Heights, NSAU. It could be for ordering products online, or at an outlet mall, cryptocurrencies are starting to become much more prominent. Invariably, you'll have to understand what they are and will use them every day. You can't miss them any more, as there are crypto currency ABMs being offered in easily accessible places in most cities.
How your employer decides to pay you, and the choices of payment options you'll have for products and services will most certainly change very fast. There's no way to ignore it. Digital money in the form of secure and safe cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Etherium, Dogecoin, etc. have already taken a foothold in Allambie Heights. The future is here for currencies.
The use and function of money has triumphed over all attempts at change for a thousand years. Which means it's high time that it moves into the digital age. Just like electricity, mobile phones, or the internet – cryptocurrencies as digital forms of money will leave no commerce untouched in New South Wales. The longer you wait to embrace it, the more painful it will be to catch up. Back to Top
Blockchain technology will most assuredly revolutionize every part of your personal and professional life. Blockchain is not merely a new technology. It'll change things right down to how you vote. If you think it's a fad, then maybe the internet was as well.
It'll affect everything n your world, not just how you transact financially, but even how your local towns operate. Let's not forget the way we honor contracts, control appliances, and even insurance – from making life easier in small ways to helping impoverished peoples. It's a wonderful thing! Back to Top

// if an even multiple of 10 minutes, skip the "ones"
// handle 10, 11, 12 in a special manner (see above)
// assume we're at the "top of the minute" now
// clear the one-time interval and setup the per-minute interval
// run this function again at the top of the minute

EM Docs, What would you have done instead?
What would you have done if you didn't become an EM doc?
I'm reapplying to medical school and EM is really the only thing I can see myself doing. I realize I will probably change my mind but humor me
I probably would've (should've?) stayed in computer science.
Just an idea or two to get you started:
Obviously shadow as much as you can. Not just one or two physicians but try to see different specialties if at all possible. Ask about pros and cons of their specialty if it's not overstepping boundaries to do so.
Read PandaBear's past (now archived on SDN) posts. Read @Birdstrike for cautionary tales but at the same times inspiring stories in EM. Read @emergentmd for someone who has done really well in EM and still recommends it. There are many other wonderful, knowledgeable, experienced, helpful people here like @The White Coat Investor, @emd123, etc. I think it's worth reading "101 Things You Wish You Knew Before Starting Med School", although keep in mind not everyone will be on board with everything Hoover has said. But I think he does make several points well worth considering.
The question wasn't "what do you do in addition to EM." :winkemoticon:
I will be starting as a scribe in the ED next week. Hopefully that will give me some solid exposure.
Thanks for your response. I was asking because I've just read so much about how unhappy and disgruntled doctors are and am starting to have second thoughts. I did a post-bacc and will be 29 when I start, if I get in this cycle.
I will be starting as a scribe next week so I'll definitely get a better idea of the day to day. I'm looking forward to this as I think it will help me decide either way.
In your opinion, what are the things that one should be looking to get out of a career in medicine? I realize the answers to this probably vary dramatically but I'm sure some answers are better than others.
It's a question you need to answer for yourself. Once you have your answer, we could offer some (possibly valid) feedback regarding the chance that you'll find those things in medicine. I was looking for a way to directly contribute to society that paid better than a teacher with a bonus of being able to understand how the human body works. At this point in my career, I'd say the first two objectives have been fully met. The last I realize is something of a fools errand, but at least I've learned to tell interesting stories to impress the laypeople.
In addition to having a general interest in the body, these are the things I have decided are important to me in my work and in roughly this order...
A career which provides social value. I worked for two years it a start-up and found the constant clamoring for dollars and requests to solve pretty meaningless problems draining.
Immediate gratification from solving fairly well defined problems. I lose interest if a problem if it is not resolved within a few days.
An outlet for the sensitive/compassionate/empathetic sides of my personality. The business world is, generally, also a terrible place for a person with these qualities.
Opportunities to work independently with relative autonomy. I can work as part of a team and do enjoy it but I would rather call upon someone when I need help with something.
Variety in my day to day work. While I see the value of routine in daily living, I do not necessarily value it in my work as I get bored with repetitive tasks.
Opportunities to teach. I taught in China and enjoyed it immensely. However, I prefer to work with small groups or one on one with students.
A job where I am physically active. Sitting at a desk all day is the pits.
Things I want but am concerned that a career in medicine may not provide/would make me a bad fit…
Flexibility. I realize this may not come until much later but it is important to me that I have it at some point in my life. As @bashwell mentions, you have to but in the time to get what you want.
That is pretty much it at this point. Feedback welcome.
It's very rare that a pre-med ever says anything reasonable on this forum, so you may be the first. Your description of what you want sounds very well reasoned and thought out. All the reasons you give--and the wants you have--are definitely a good fit for Emergency Medicine.
I also worked for a start up before and I realized I couldn't dedicate my life to making a doodad (sp?). Even I founded facebook I wouldn't have been satisfied with that. It seems menial to me. (I say this even though I realize his world impact is way greater than mine, but still, at the end of the day he created a website that wastes people's time and invades their privacy.)
Thanks for the feedback. Good to hear I'm on the right track. Still looking forward to doing some more shadowing. I think I'm just a little pissed off from having to rewrite all these f****ing secondaries. Hoops on hoops on hoops.
Totally agree with you on the founding of FB. While one could argue FB offers some social value, http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2015-04/27/facebook-google-nepal-earthquake-emergency-response, it is generally a time suck. And the number of worthless apps being created in Silicon Valley right now is astonishing.
On a separate note, you didn't happen to develop Angry Birds did you?
Yeah, Dentisrty has been looking pretty good to me too...
I've said I wish I liked teeth, because I would have done D-school, then endodontics, and then make $$...$$$....$$$$. Unfortunately, I just find it SO tragically boring, and I can't get over it.
4.) Local golf club pro (need to improve my game; but it can be done).
5.) For a bit in college there I considered journalist (then I sobered up).
Health-care liaison (now that I know medical lingo and the system - charge rich people lots of $$$ to help them navigate the system, and use their $$$ to take on some pro-bono clients who really need the help. Kinda like Robin Hood).
Be homeless in a nice (warm) city, wander around to medical conferences and eat free food. You could pull it off pretty easily, with at least one decent set of clothes, the right demeanor, and access to a shower.
I'm glad you're thinking about these things, OP. It's really good that you're seeking advice before diving headfirst into medicine.
That said, I hope you won't mind if I play a little devil's advocate here? Not trying to dissuade you from medicine at all. But rather just trying to inject some realism -- at least as I see it, and like everyone else I have my biases, so please take everything I say with a grain of salt, and as you've been doing, continuing asking for other perspectives.
More broadly speaking, lots of other careers provide social value. Jobs like janitorial work in the hospital or cleaning ORs after operations and so forth are often underappreciated jobs too, yet a lot of good things that happen couldn't happen without their dedicated work and service.
The business world is a pretty broad place. It really depends. I'm like you -- sensitive, etc. But maybe surprisingly I found quite a lot sensitivity, compassion, and empathy in the IT/tech industry, just as one example. Especially among fellow geeks. I'm sure there are other examples in other industries (e.g. working for a charity like the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation).
At the same time, it's more than possible to suffer compassion fatigue in medicine.
Also, while emergency physicians are generally compassionate people, I think you could also say they're pretty thick skinned people. You pretty much have to be in order to deal with all the crazy that comes through the ED. If you're too sensitive and empathetic, it might actually be a problem which could impede appropriate patient care.
EM is all about team work. You have to constantly coordinate with lots of different people, from nurses to paramedics to specialists who hate you for calling them up at 3am to come and evaluate or assess a patient, etc.
However, you're not independent and autonomous in that there's always (mild to severe) pressure from the hospital or others to move the meat. You will have performance reviews (Press Ganey) to see stuff like how much patients liked you and how quickly you discharge patients. You'll always be under observation indirectly or directly by specialists who may second guess you or otherwise challenge your clinical decision and judgments as well as by virtually everyone else in the hospital including hospital admin since the ED is a big "fish bowl."
Doctors have great job security compared to lots of other jobs.
At the same time, don't think all doctors will always be able to find jobs. See the pathology market for example.
To be fair, this applies to other specialties too (e.g. anesthesiology with AMCs). Plus, EM is a lot more flexible than many other specialties. But I'm just saying don't think job security is necessarily a given, even in medicine. Or at least not without its share of sacrifices.
I really appreciate your responses. Your thoughts have definitely given me more to chew on. Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner. I have been slammed with secondaries, scribe training and work.
I recently began scribing and it occurred to me that it seems a fool’s errand to try and decide what I want to do now in medicine. Being present for various consults has made me curious about the variety of other specialties available. I am also planning to speak with PAs, NPs, and RNs to get a better sense of where I might fit. Since coming to this conclusion I feel much more relaxed.
Regarding the liability issue and the stress associated with this aspect of the profession, I do find it concerning and is something I will look into further. Do you find that this would be reason enough to avoid/leave the profession?
Does the fact that you too are sensitive impact your work dramatically or has training taught you when to employ sensitivity and when to be, as you say, thick skinned? Would perhaps choose a different career/different specialty?
And thanks to everyone else for the feedback! You have all been very helpful.
Now I'm curious, what did you end up doing after er residency that's not in an er?
Good luck getting *that* out of the bird... this forum has been trying for years.
Thanks for the reply. I've always been on the fence about the benefits of doing fellowships in EM. It always seemed to me like they will just decrease your salary and only give you the benefit of applying for a teaching job in that area. It's good to hear it worked out for someone. I'm looking forward to to that post.
Well, I think many EM folks say that you need to figure out your get-out strategy, or to diversify interests. Yeah you might take a pay cut, but from what I've been told, your ability to do the nights, and tolerate the crazy high volume days usually will go down over time, so in EM there is a strong interest to diversify your interests so you can do other things that aren't as intense and still make a living. It's like diversifying your assets on your financial portfolio, to an extent.
Also, EM people have ADHD on the whole...we constantly need something new to focus on anyway, so that's another reason why fellowships may be pursued.
Granted I'm not an attending or resident here, but that's what I've been told.
If I wasn't going medicine, I'd either be an architect, or go into tech. Being a teacher would be fun too.
If I wasn't going medicine, I'd either be an architect, or go into tech.
I doubt the EM personality would translate well into architecture. I tried it for 4 years and ended up hating it in the end. Maybe if press ganey gets you excited, because archs are whores for the client's desires.
Just listen to Astral Weeks by Van Morrison, okay. That'll make everything better.

When you look at them they look so tasty and good. Such a shame everything is so overwhelming
It was indeed a shame a real let down.
this is sad they sounded so good!
Yes indeed, I need to find an alternative now.
You would be surprised, thanks for stopping by.
I was really hoping that these would be great! I love pigs in blankets and I love crisps, I mean it seems like the perfect combination! Such a shame!
It does sound like great combination, but sadly it just didn’t work for me.
Sorry your tummy rumbled in anticipation, I hope you managed to get something nicer to eat.
Thank you for popping over and linking up with the #MMBC.
Yes, they sound and look promising but just didn’t deliver.
I would be interested to know if you enjoyed them.
I saw these a couple of weeks ago and was devastated that I couldn’t eat them, they sounded so good! Looks like I didn’t miss out on much. I picked up some pigs in blankets tortilla crisps from the co-op this week and they had the same overpowering flavour, weren’t greasy though so they were pretty good in a small portion x
Oh I’ve been liking for those tortilla chips from the co-op I can’t find them anywhere locally. Perhaps they are all very similar.
Thanks for the honest review, it’s a shame they weren’t as good as they looked on the packet! xxx
Hi, I try to be as honest as I can with my reviews. Thanks for stopping by.
Oh no I’m so sorry these were a disappointment for you!
Shame they are not very good. 🙁 Thanks for the heads up and for linking up with us #FabFridayPost
Yes a bit of a let down really never mind.
Oh I need to find these to compare them.
How unfortunate that they didn’t live up to your expectations. I’ll need to check out my local supermarkets to see if they have any interesting flavours that can beat these.
Hi, there are sure are some interesting flavours at the moment. I need to try some more but often go back to good old fashioned plain crisps.
I saw these advertised somewhere and must admit, I found it all a bit odd. Don’t think I’ll be trying them, but glad you did 😉 #MMBC
I am not sure that you will like these ones though.
Interesting, I don’t know if they’re sold here in the US #MMBC
I don’t think that they are, sorry.
Yes there is nothing worse that’s a residual on the fingers.
Oh if you try them please let me know what you think, several other people have also not enjoyed these crisps.
I’m intrigued that pigs in blanket flavour is suitable for vegetarians haha! I am veggie and I didn’t expect to be able to eat these! Such a shame about the artificial flavour and the greasy texture, I’ll give these a miss!
I probably would give them a miss.
Oh no! That’s so disappointing as they look and sound like they would taste so good :/ what a let down!
Ahh! I liked these but it was after trying the Candy Cane one’s in the same range which weren’t nice. lol
Yes they probably did taste nice, I have read several bad reviews about the candy cane ones.
I would never have imagined you could get bacon flavoured vegetarian crisps – how???! It’s such a shame they were a disappointment, they looked so lovely in the packet. I hope you can find some suitable alternatives that will pass your sniff test too! x
I spotted these the other day and was tempted myself. It’s a shame to hear they didn’t live up to expectation #bigpinklink
Sadly they didn’t hopefully I saved you a bit of money.
Shame you didn’t enjoy these – pigs in blankets are so yummy anyway that I’m not sure anything could replicate them.
I think I have to agree after having several pigs in blankets last night.
I was going to get some of these at the weekend but they were out of stock. Maybe that was a good thing after all! #DreamTeam
I think it may have been a good thing 😊
You are very brave. I am not sure I would have even dared to try them. The name alone??? Thanks for taking one for the team. #twinklytuesday
I did indeed take one for the team 😊
I enjoy reading these reviews you do – there is so much choice in supermarkets that it’s nice to get a bit of a heads up to newly launched products.
Thank you for your kind comments much appreciated. I am always on the lookout for new products.
I have seen these in Tesco, I like the sound of them and potentially I may give them a go 😉 X #dreamteam
Oh if you do please let me know what you think, sadly they were not for me.
Oh… 🙁 Sorry you didn’t like the crisps. I love eating crisps too. 🙂 Thanks for linking up with us on #FabFridayPost
Never mind I will no doubt find others to try.
Nothing worse is there when eating a packet of crisps.
I loved the idea of these when I saw your post. What a shame that they turned out to be a bit of a disappointment. Thanks for linking to #DreamTeam lovely x
It was a shame but never mind more to try.
As a vegetarian I wouldn’t pick these up for me but good to know not to get them for the family. Thanks for being a #bigpinklink-er this week!
Yes I would perhaps give these a miss for your family and try something else instead.
Hi, I think you could right just clever marketing I guess.

However, a new study has suggested that two negative emotions - depression and anxiety - influence symptom reporting in different ways.
It showed that people who feel depressed report experiencing a higher number of past symptoms. People who feel anxious, by contrast, report more symptoms in the present moment.
“Our data suggest that a person who walks into a physician’s office feeling sad will tend to recall experiencing more symptoms than they probably really did,” he said.
“If a person comes into the physician’s office feeling fearful, they’re more likely to scan their body and read any sensations they’re experiencing at that moment as something wrong. We believe this is because depression is associated with rumination and exaggerated recall of negative experiences, while anxiety is associated with vigilance for potentially negative things in the present time,” he added.In the first part of the study, 144 undergraduate students completed questionnaires to assess their level of ‘depressive affect’, and indicated which of 15 common physical symptoms they’d experienced in the past three weeks.
Even after factoring out physical signs of depression, like appetite changes or sleep loss, researchers found that people who felt more depressed believed they had experienced more symptoms.
To induce a specific mood, each group wrote in detail for 15 minutes about an experience that made them feel angry, anxious, depressed, happy or neutral. They then completed a checklist to indicate which of 24 symptoms (weakness/fatigue, cardiorespiratory, musculoskeletal, and gastrointestinal) they currently felt.
Researchers repeated the writing exercise with another group of 120 students — only this time they asked participants to report both current and retrospective symptoms.
On average, people in the anxious group reported five current symptoms, while those in the depressed and neutral groups only reported one or two.
The age of participants was a limitation of the study, though the authors intentionally chose healthy college students to reduce confounds.
The study is published in the latest issue of the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology. (ANI)
Label your fear to get over it - Sep 05, 2012
When rose-coloured glasses can go too far - Jul 24, 2011
Pain of social exclusion can be deep, long-lasting - May 11, 2011

Sea toll roads are crucial for Indonesia, which is one of the world's largest maritime countries, with some 5.8 million square kilometers of sea territory, while its land territory covers only 1.9 million square kilometers.
Its coastline is some 92 thousand kilometers long, making it the second-longest after Canada. The largest archipelagic nation in the world has some 17,480 islands.
The administration of President Joko Widodo (Jokowi), which has an ambition to develop the country into a global maritime axis, has come up with the sea toll road concept that will improve ports and shipping in order to facilitate the transport of goods across the archipelago.
Jakarta, Jan 30, 2016 (Antara) - Indonesia is hoping to lure more Chinese tourists to visit the country to celebrate their Lunar New Year, also called Spring Festival, which is the grandest and the most important annual event for Chinese people.
The festival, with its more than 4,000 years of history, is the longest public holiday in China. Most employees will have 7-12 days off and students will have a month long winter vacation.
China had the world's largest number of outbound tourists in 2015, according to data from the China National Tourism Administration (CNTA).
About 120 million Chinese traveled overseas in 2015, up from 109 million the previous year, according to the CNTA.
Jakarta, Jan 28, 2016 (Antara) - The Golkar Party is entering a new chapter after its Chairman, Aburizal Bakrie, hinted that he plans to step down, and gave a green light for the party to support the current government.
When it marked 50 years in the country's politics on October 28, 2014, the Golkar Party wanted to create history by deciding to remain outside the executive branch.
"Now, for the first time, Golkar is outside the government. I think this is a new role for Golkar, which will act as a check and balancing force during the tenure of the Jokowi-Jusuf Kalla administration," Aburizal said during the Golden Jubilee celebration over a year ago.
The agency, which has been set up based on Presidential Regulation Number 1 of 2016, is chiefly tasked with preventing forest fires that particularly occur in peatlands and to restore such areas gutted by forest fires, particularly on Sumatra and Kalimantan Islands.
While announcing the establishment of the agency on January 13, Jokowi, who described Foead as a competent and experienced figure, assigned the body to immediately draft an action plan to demonstrate to the world that Indonesia is serious about handling the damage caused to peatland areas.
This rare and spectacular natural phenomenon should serve as a momentum to boost Indonesia's tourism industry, according to Tourism Minister Arief Yahya who was present in the coordination meeting which was also attended by regional administration heads.
The minister is optimistic that the TSE tours, cultural events, festivals and adventurous activities to be organized in many regions would help the government achieve its targets of receiving 12 million foreign tourists and 260 million domestic travelers this year.
At the UNWTO Awards, the Banyuwangi district administration, with its "Re-inventing the Government in Tourism" project, was the winner in the Innovation in Public Policy and Governance category.
The Banyuwangi project has involved civil servants in promoting tourism events such as the Banyuwangi Festival, which has significantly boosted the tourism industry in the district located on the eastern coast of East Java Province.
Garuda Indonesia's Bali Beach Clean-Up Campaign has emerged as the first runner-up in the Innovation in Enterprises category at the UNWTO Awards.
Jakarta, Jan 24 (Antara)- The Indonesian government is preparing to effect a revision in Law No. 15 Year 2003 on counter-terrorism, following a terror attack in the heart of Jakarta, not too far from the Presidential Palace, on January 14.
Home Affairs Minister Tjahjo Kumolo Indonesia said the country is currently in a state of "emergency" against terrorism and called on every party to seriously work towards preventing radicalism, lest it leads to terrorism, at an early stage.
"This (country) could fail if it is not tackled. Shooting and bombing occurred at a distance of one kilometer from the State Palace. No one thought this could happen. Who would have thought that the ISIS could be in Indonesia so soon?" Minister Kumolo said, addressing a number of governors, district heads and mayors in Pekanbaru, Riau Province, on Jan. 22.
The mining company is required to divest its 30 percent share by 2019 under the Indonesian Government Regulation No. 77 of 2014 on the Implementation of Mineral and Coal Enterprises.
In 2016, the subsidiary of the U.S. mining giant Freeport McMoRan Copper & Gold has to release 20 percent of its shares, and another 10 percent in 2019.
As the government has already obtained 9.36 percent shares, this year the divestment will be 10.64 percent.
State Enterprises (BUMN) Minister Rini Soemarno is one of those who commented that the price was too high especially as the prices of the commodities produced by the U.S. company are on the decline.
The price offered by Freeport did not reflect the real condition of the market of commodities produced by the U.S. company, Rini said.
Jakarta, Jan 21, 2016 (Antara) - Indonesia was hit hard by the El Nino weather phenomenon last year and has been described by experts as one of the worst ever to be experienced in history.
The environmental disaster impacted the health, education and livelihoods of millions of people on the two major islands of Indonesia as well as neighboring countries particularly Singapore and Malaysia.
Approximately 5 million students were impacted by school closures in 2015, a feature story entitled "Indonesia's Fires and Haze Crisis" posted on the World Bank website in November 2015 said.
A total solar eclipse occurs when the Sun is completely covered by the Moon that passes between the Earth and Sun at a point in its elliptical orbit when it is relatively close to the Earth, according to information on http://moonblink.info.
In technical terms, its magnitude is greater than or equal to 1.000. People in those parts of the Earth, within the umbra, are able to witness the Sun's face completely hidden by the Moon, resulting in a total eclipse of the Sun, according to information on the moonblink website.
This rare and spectacular event will be visible from a path of totality up to 155 kilometers (km), or 96.3 miles wide, creating a dramatic spectacle for millions of people present on the path of totality in Indonesia, who will see the sun totally eclipsed for as much as three minutes.
The head of state has urged related parties to support the development of the nation's shipbuilding industry by placing orders with them.
Indonesia has some 250 shipbuilding industries, including over 100 shipbuilding companies in Batam that are able of constructing large-scale ships with a capacity of 17,500 deadweight tonnage, the same as those of cargo ships, tankers, and commercial vessels.
The re-engineering ability of PT PAL INDONESIA (Persero) is now available on the world market and its quality is renowned throughout the world.
Jakarta, Jan 18, 2016 (Antara)- The terror attack in the heart of Jakarta on January 14 has prompted Indonesian authorities to step up security measures across the country, particularly at public facilities, such as airports and seaports.
"I have ordered the National Police chief and the coordinating minister for political, legal and security affairs minister to chase down and arrest the suspects, both those on the scene and other members of the networks," President Jokowi told the press.
Jakarta, Jan 15, 2016 (Antara) - The terror attack in the heart of Jakarta on January 14, 2016 shocked Indonesia as well as many other countries which later offered support and expressed sympathy with the Indonesian government and people.
Two civilians, including a Canadian, and five attackers, all Indonesians, were killed in the attack that also left 15 civilians and five police officers injured.
The wounded civilians included four foreigners, one each from the Netherlands, Germany, Algeria and Austria.
The president ordered the body to draft an action plan to immediately demonstrate to the world that Indonesia is serious about handling the destruction caused to peatland areas.
Jokowi announced the appointment of Nazir Foead as chief of the new agency on January 13, 2016, describing him to be a competent and experienced figure.
The agency is a non-structural body under the president and is answerable to him.
Jakarta, Jan 12, 2016 (Antara) - The Indonesian government has given investors a New Year's gift in the form of a new investment licensing service that could cut the processing period for licensing applications from 23 days to just three hours.
Since its trial launch on October 26, 2015, seven companies have used the service to obtain investment licenses for a total investment of Rp17.85 trillion.
These companies were engaged in manufacturing, real estate, power plants, ports, and livestock farming, Sibarani stated.
Jakarta, Jan 7, 2016 (Antara) - Israel has detained a total of 5,934 Palestinian children over the last five years, the Palestinian Studies and Documentation unit has revealed.
The committee said that from 2000 to 2010, Israel detained an average of 700 Palestinian children per year, but given the recent detention spike, the annual average has jumped to 1,200, Palestinian news agency WAFA reported recently.
WAFA also noted that the total number of detainees in 2015 increased by 147.3 percent and 221.9 percent in comparison with the total number of children detained in 2012 and 2011 respectively.
In the occupied West Bank alone, 134 Palestinians, including 26 children, have been killed by Israeli forces since October 2015, Al Jazeera reported on December 24, 2015.
It also has a new 16-storey office building located in the heart of the city.
The new KPK leaders who will work for the next four years, were installed by President Joko Widodo (Jokowi) on December 22, 2015 after they had passed the fit-and-proper tests by the House of Representatives (DPR).
A week later, on December 29, Jokowi inaugurated KPK¿s new building, expressing his hope that the building would mark the continuation of the agency's struggle.
The new office is built on an 8,663-square-meter plot of land using the concept of "secure", "smart", and "green."
The construction of the 16-story building, with a total space of 39,629 square meters, began on November 29, 2013.
Jakarta, Jan 1, 2016 (Antara)- The stunning natural beauty of Raja Ampat isles located in the northwestern tip of the Indonesian province of West Papua, has started to attract domestic and foreign tourists.
They preferred to spend their time in the lap of nature, free from the cacophony of the city and pollution as they welcomed the new year.

I already told you a thousand times, walk!
Let's eat at your parents' house
Always write what the teacher says!
Don't write on this book! It's mine!
Please speed up, we need to go faster
Stop here and then follow the truck on that road
Call the taxi cab, I want to leave now
To get to the train station, go (ud) straight, then turn right on the first street
From now on I'm only going to take the train to work
Get into the truck because we are waiting for you
The airport is one hour by train or one and half hours by bus
Stop at the stop sign or I will not let you drive!
Are you going to study business or art?
You can put your clothes in this corner (nook)
It is a new highway that goes from Mexico City up to Acapulco
There isn't a lot of light; I prefer not to drive
He always drives fast, which worries me
This is the road by which we go to school every day
Mexico is a country that has some beautiful beaches
In certain countries, the police force is a very corrupt institution
life - la vida. Remember that abstract nouns, like "life" must have the definite article in front of them
How many animals are there in this country?

We may never see a world of beauty completely free of blemishes, wrinkles, and excessive oil, but thanks to these products, we can come close. We talked to a panel of dermatology experts who gave us their tips for combating some of your biggest skincare woes. (Think: pimples, dark spots, and under-eye circles.) Click through the gallery to get their top-notch suggestions, as well as the products you need to engage in your beauty battle. No weaponry required!
This year’s prolonged winter has contributed to abnormally long bouts of dry skin, especially for those prone to the condition or battling skin disorders like eczema and psoriasis. New York-based integrative dermatologist Dr. Cybele Fishman emphasizes that dry skin is not just an external problem, but should be treated from the inside out. “About 15% of the lipid bilayer-which is a major part of what protects our skin from the outside world-is made up of essential fatty acids," she said. "So if you lack these, your skin will be dry."
The Start of Fine Lines and Wrinkles
Fine lines and wrinkles are no longer a curse for only the aged among us: they can start to show up much earlier than you might expect, especially if you over-stimulate your skin. Dr. Fishman says most women put way too much product on their skin, causing premature signs of aging. “I think the biggest mistake many women make is they over-wash, over-exfoliate, over-do everything,” she said. “Do less.” Her three must-have anti-aging products are: “SPF daily with zinc or titanium, a vitamin A-based product—either by prescription like Retin-A or with a high concentration of retinol over the counter—and a potent antioxidant.”
"A recent study also showed that fish can help prevent acne, which is why I like all my acne patients to take fish oil high in Omega-3 fatty acids," he added. "A low glycemic index diet—think the Mediterranean diet—can also help prevent or improve acne.”

Sam & I rock the Georgia National Fairgrounds. At the fall show, we are undefeated, four for four, two years in row. At Pro-Am, which tales place in the spring, we are almost undefeated. In 2014, we won two out of three. In 2016, we won all our classes, including a moderately large all-age championship. Us old farts gotta ride hard to beat the young & cute.
Me: Was my first class as bad as I think it was?
Second of two can indicate a close race. Second can represent a personal victory. This was not one of those days. I would have been last in any company. There were no specific errors of course. Desi and I walked and trotted and cantered where we were supposed to. We got our diagonals and leads. There were simply an accumulated abundance of style and presentation flaws.
I pulled my socks up for the third class. However, the judge was done with me by then. Or perhaps I didn’t get my socks as high as I thought.
I know – intellectually – that a bad day at a horse show is still a good day, but I’m having a hard time feeling it at the moment. Onwards!

It has taken me five years to write this essay.
November 2007, right after I came out to my parents.
What happened next I never anticipated: People started coming up to me at A-Camp, telling me that they shared the same story too. Homophobic parents. Families who didn’t understand or try to understand. The fear of coming out. The hurt and devastation of being disowned or estranged. These were people with my story, too.
It’s taken me five years to use the word.
Get up, brush my teeth, put on jeans. Go to work. Come home. Eat dinner. Estranged.
April 2008, me on the left, Jessie on the right.
“You are in a lot of pain right now,” Jessie says, breaking through the haze of could-bes, the things I could have done right, the places I failed. She speaks slowly, as if talking to a small child. “You are dealing with being estranged from your family.”
My shoulders unclench. I feel the hunch of my back loosening. I haven’t looked at Jessie for a few hours, my anger getting on her, too; she has been difficult to look at. Maybe because my face could be reflected in hers: pained, painful, devastated.
June 2008, right before shaving my head in Maine.
When there are tears about something unchangeable, people can only be optimistic. It’s the only thing that is left. “When you tell them you’re getting married, it will get better,” someone told me that day, with tears in her eyes.
July 2011, three months before Jessie and I got engaged.
There will be four empty chairs reserved for my family. My mother, my father, and my two brothers.
Of the four chairs, two will be empty: My mother’s and father’s. I am not sure if three will be.
Last month I called my mom to tell her the final date of our wedding. When there was silence on the line I told her, firmly, “I really want you to be there. It would mean a lot to me. You could say something at the wedding, maybe. You don’t have to. It’s important that you come.”
You are beautiful and amazing. Thanks for sharing. I like the reminder that even though it doesn’t always get better, it goes on. You do you, sister.
But it absolutely will get better even if they don’t come around. Your queer family will become your true family.
Early this morning, my estrangement from my parents hit me. And then your article went up.
I have read this article, sobbing, and I am sending you all the love and understanding in the world.
Congratulations to you and Jessie. <3
Thank you — and I’m sending you all the love and support, too. <3
Thanks for sharing such a personal story, Whitney. Don’t ever forget that we’re your family too!
whitney, this is beautiful. you are so strong.
This actually sounds like the best kind of wedding to me.
Ditto what Elise said. This sounds like a perfect, beautiful wedding because you’ll have created it yourself, out of love. Just like you will create a new family, out of love. All the best to you and Jessie.
Thank you for sharing your story, for sharing your vulnerability. It has deeply touched me, to tears at my desk. thank you for being so strong and vulnerable.
By the way, your wedding sounds beautiful. Congratulations!
I miss my family and this essay helped me come to terms with it today.
Congrats to you and your partner!
I love you too, Gabby and I am going to send you an email back pretty soon! I think I should write more first-person things. I think this is a good idea.
All I have to say is ‘thank you’. You brought tears to my eyes.
Your wedding sounds absolutely beautiful. The most memorable wedding I’ve ever been to was on the tightest of budgets so that all we COULD do was celebrate the fact that we, as guests, loved that couple beyond anything else. Flowers don’t matter, friends do.
Thank you for your story, it really hit me deep. Thank you!
I think it’s important to talk about these things, that coming out sometimes means
that you are being astranged from your family. Thanks!
And I think that your wedding sounds romantic. Hugs!
This means a lot to me, Osvaldo. And as I mentioned in a message to you earlier, it meant so much to me and Jessie that your officiant mentioned NY state and recognizing marriage rights between queer people, too.
Thank you for sharing your story. You are strong and amazing.
Thank you for writing this, Whitney. You are amazing.
I’ve had these thoughts, I’ve felt these feelings. Thank you for sharing your story.
So much love to you, Whitney. Isn’t it wonderful to see the family you’ve created? 🙂
This new, chosen family is lovely and amazing and brilliant and brave and I am so proud to be a part of it. <3
One of the first girls I had a flirtation with was so shocked I hadn’t told my family and was trying not to think about it. She told me over and over again that I should just come out, that I had to, because surely it would be okay. “It’s your family, after all.”
Three years later, it’s still not okay. I’m in contact with them, but everything has this tense haze hanging over it. It hurts all the time. I don’t think of it as much, but it’s still there. It’ll probably stay there.
You can do this. It is difficult and it does hurt all of the time. The pain might stay with you day-to-day, but you need to remember above all to love yourself because you are getting stronger each day. <3
Whitney – thank you for sharing your story. I found the link at savage love. My experience is closer to Alicia’s than yours.
This year she told me that she did not think we should be able to have a civil union, much less an actual marriage. That was on Mother’s Day, and it was the last time I spoke to her. We are married now (we live in Washington state) after 8 years together. My immediate family (parents, fundie Christian brother and his wife and their kids) were not informed, much less invited. We are fortunate to have tons of supportive, loving friends and relatives who make up our real family. It sounds like Whitney has the same, and I hope you do too Alicia. All the best to both of you.
Things I Wish I Could Tell Myself When I Look in the Mirror
Don’t put your head down when she tells you that people
Roll your sleeves up if you need to
It’s just—that they need time to be strong too
Cut it shorter than you thought you had the courage to
It’s just—that they need time to be strong too”
This brought tears to my eyes. Thank you for writing this.
Love is all we need <3 welcome. It needed to be said, I think. I admire your strength to write this. This story of rejection is so common, yet so commonly white washed because we seem (those of us will severe family issues) to want to forget that part of our lives. It hurts too much.
So thank you for this incredible piece of writing. All the best to you and Jessie!
I miss my family, too. And when I was not talking about Jessie or about being gay at home, it felt like I was hiding an important part of myself. And it is okay to get angry when you hear people tell you it will get better.
Remember to take care of yourself. Know when you’re sad. There’s a part of you, too, that needs to learn how to be safe with or without family, and we’re doing it together, right now.
Estrangement hurts. My siblings are okay. My parents aren’t–they haven’t even come to my last two brothers’ weddings because neither of them got married in a Catholic church. They would never come to mine. It’s actually exactly a year today since my aunt decided it was a great idea to out me to my parents, even tho we were already on rough terms (the hyper Catholic refusing to wed thing).
Anyway, point is, you’re not alone. ALL QUEERS CAN BE EACH OTHER’S FAMILY.
This story gave me ALL THE TEARS.
Thank you for sharing this. It was beautiful and inspiring. I am very lucky to come from a very accepting family, and your story reminded me that I need to be more grateful for that every day.
Sometimes people can be so cruel, and circumstances can be so shitty, but I am consistently amazed by the true courage that others like you find to grit things out in spite of everything. My heart goes out to you, to Whitney, and to everyone who shares a story like yours. You are such incredibly strong, beautiful people.
Thank you so much Elise, I really appreciate it.
I wanted to send you this privately but I cant.
I am very much amazed at your strength. Holding up in a family and society that don’t acknowledge you!! And at the same time trying to walk holding a high head, holding up with dignity. I admire you (seriously). I hope that you can find light in the dark tunnel. Elise put into words many of my thoughts.
I’m sending you all the love. You are incredible for living with this each day and you are in my thoughts. We can do this together.
Thank you for this. Some days I feel like the rejection is swallowing me whole, stifling me. I have my partner’s family who love me like their own, but I will NEVER have my mother and father. Sometimes I find myself being irrationally jealous of fellow LGBT people who have supportive families. I will have two empty chairs at my wedding, too…
But you know what, your beautiful first person essay and all the comments in response make me feel like I belong somewhere. We can do this!! And being true to ourselves through adversity from those who are supposed to love us unconditionally makes one brave, kickass group of misfits 🙂
Thank you for writing this, Whitney. You are awesome
Whitney, thank you so much for this essay. Strength is not found in having never felt all the emotions you describe. Strength is reflected in feeling all of it and still persevering, still moving forward, still loving with all your heart. Congrats to you and Jessie, your wedding sounds beautiful.
My story is different, but the result is still the same. Parents who aren’t supportive and a broken relationship. But to quote Madonna: power is being told you are not loved and not being destroyed by it. Turns out I am full of power.
You are full of power and strength. Love love love.
This made me cry. Thank you for writing it though. Even after all the ways my parents screwed up, you’ve made me remember that I’m one of the lucky ones. Stay strong and beautiful.
whitney, this is a touching story and, like others, you have brought tears to my eyes. i just wanted to say — if you look over and see empty chairs at your wedding, know that we’ll be there, in spirit, sitting and celebrating and watching you and jessie get married. 😉
It means a lot to me that all of you will be here in my heart with me at my wedding. It’s just what I needed to hear right now.
This is probably unproductive, but my first thought when I finished this piece is that I hoped your parents read it, and I hoped they’re ashamed of themselves.
I’m sorry you’ve had a rough go of it. You’re right that it’s important to talk about the bad stuff too. What many heterosexuals have to understand is that even though homosexuals are more visble now then ever before, we have all still had to endure endless amounts of worry, anxiety, and what-ifs, just because of how we were born. There are invisible scars that never go away, even if we have a smile on our face.
Thank you for your article. I hope to read more from you soon.
Congratulations on your wedding. Your soon-to-be wife is gorgeous, as are you!
Beautiful. Thank you so much for sharing. Congrats to you and Jessie!
Whitney, this is beautiful, thank you so much for sharing. You are incredibly strong. It hit very close to home for me, having lost the support of my parents at 16. Sharing our stories is so important, both for our own healing and to help give strength to those who are going through it now.
Wow. This is such a beautiful and sad piece. It’s sad that this is the story of so many queer people in this world.
Thank you for sharing. As someone who had one of those right-out-of-college straight weddings before realizing I was gay, I can tell you that yours sounds so much better. You’re very brave to be honest with yourself and your family. Not everyone gets to that point. Keep on living, loving, and writing just as you are!
This is incredible, you are an amazing person. Thank you for sharing this with us.
This was amazing and inspiring to read! I just wanted to thank you for sharing your story.
I know it’s not quite the same, but we are all your family.
This is beautiful and very sad.
I think it is great, important and honest to go ahead and get married. And try to find as much joy in the day as possible – knowing that you are living a life that is filled with honesty and integrity.
Congratulations on your marriage and your ability to live your life authentically.
I can do nothing but echo everyone else: Thank you for this, all of it.
I’m going to translate this piece into Spanish, if that’s okay. I just want to send it to a family member back home, try to make them feel less lonely. I’ll work hard to do justice to your writing.
This is amazing. You are amazing.
i love you very much, whitney. you are a strong person and it’s really beautiful and this is by far one of the best things ever written ever in time.
i love you very much, whitney. i am here if you need someone. can i come to your wedding? it sounds cute. what do people wear to weddings?
I am too tired/emotional to respond properly, but this was really wonderful, whitney. Congratulations on your engagement!!!
On the bright side, the queer community is infinitely more supportive, diverse and fun!
This was a beautiful piece, bravo.
I know where you’re coming from, honest to goodness, and it may be easy to say but girl, stay strong! <3
Whitney, you’re an inspiration. Thank you so much for this.
You are so wonderful and beautiful. The tears came after I read the first paragraph up there in the prologue. Congratulations on getting engaged. Your wedding sounds gorgeous.
Thank you for this. Beautiful writing. Beautiful person.
I think this is a great article!!! Thanks!!!
Congratulations for your wedding!!! You described it as I want mine to be!!!
This is such a moving essay, thanks for sharing. Congrats to you and Jessie. I was in a smililar situation with my extended family, and all except one of them came to my wedding after five years of estrangement. I’m holding out hope that your parents will come around.
I am an Asian American gay man and I know how you feel. It was just a few months that my parents disconnected themselves from me over the phone not because I am gay, but because of the man who I fell in love with.
We had our committment ceremony two months ago. My parents and my sister were not there. Still, the ceremony was beautiful and surrounded with love. We didn’t spend a lot of money either. We had it at our small church surrounded by friends and family.
I know how it feels reading Facebook entries and getting bitterly jealous of friends who have lavish weddings with the support of their family and also seeing pictures of your siblings enjoying their life and knowing that you cannot even reach them in person. It feels like being a troll under a bridge.
I can’t say that I am 100 percent better about the estrangement, but I have a good support system and a partner who loves me a lot. I’ll say that I am on my way out.
I hope that you have a wonderful ceremony. Thank you for sharing your story.
I can relate to this so well. Thank you.
Break a leg at your wedding- it sounds like you’re gaining a great set of in-laws.
For anyone who wants to look, here’s Jessie and my wedding website:
Please click around and leave a message! We want to hear from you. Your love and support mean everything to us.
I can’t believe there are so many of us. It’s sad and heartening all at the same time. Estrangement is a strangely elegant word for such a terrible thing.
Can we make a club or something, you guys? I’ve got no family anymore and my girlfriend will lose hers if they ever find out she’s queer, but we don’t have the big-gay-handmade-family thing. So how do you make a family when you’re nerdy and shy?
hey maybe we could start an online network of people or something???? i mean currently i’m not estranged from my family, because i’m still a highschooler, and i’m waiting until im financially stable to come out, but i often feel there’s a huge disconnect between me and my parents… anyway enough about me. the group could be on skype or kik or something????? idk
Thank you so, so much for posting this. My heart goes out to you and I can’t even begin to say how much I admire your strength and your integrity.
My mother has been bitterly cold to me since I came out to her a couple of years ago –although since I don’t come from a background where homophobia is acceptable, she would never frame it that way. Seeing you build your own family gives me hope that I’ll be able to build my own.
This is such a powerful post. My eyes watered just after I started reading due to the heartfelt feelings and sadness. I know that estranged feelings are so hard to deal with, it’s a pain that transcends you and you feel that no one understands your pain, but many others are living it too.
Thank-you Whitney, your post shows what a beautiful person you are inside out. Congrats, good luck and lots of courage for the wedding. You and jessie make a very cute couple.
I admire your story. I think you are brave and strong and lovely.
I have been lucky enough to receive hardly any resistance from my loved ones about… anything really. I’m blessed to be surrounded by people who love and support me no matter what. My girlfriend has been less fortunate in these matters but still hasn’t received reactions from her family as severe as this.
Even so, this essay brought tears to my eyes every single time I read it. You, your story and your writing are beautiful. I wish you and your partner all of luck and love in the world. You two are amazing. Be proud to be an outstanding example of strength, courage and love for not only the LGBTQ community but for everyone.
i just cried after reading this.
thank you for thinking hard about this essay before putting it out there to the public eye. it was so beautiful and intentional, every word.
initially, my gf posted this up on our tumblr (www.taghili.tumblr.com) and left it there for me to read whenever i had the time. i had just returned from her bro’s (heterosexual) wedding where she had to ignore me in order to maintain appearances esp within her cultural community. the same thoughts you had about marriage occurred to me during this event.
both my gf and i are women of color and we have talked about getting married… i started crying when i read the part in the story where u said you would turn around to ur brothers to thank them for coming… i wonder if that’ll happen with my wedding. my family means so much to me and i still don’t know whether or not my parents will receive me, what they will think of me… i never knew how much this actually bugged me and made me emotional until now.
your story made me connect with my own and i need to think about this some more.. maybe it’ll also take 5 years.
I liked reading this though even though it was heartbreaking because you show how you can’t not live your life, and not let yourself be happy because of the rejection and estrangement from your family. Thank you so so much for sharing your story.
Whitney, thank you for writing this. I have known and loved so many people in your shoes. Your wedding is going to be so beautiful, and you are so brave. Congratulations to you and Jessie!
But your grandchildren*? Someday you’ll tell them about this; they’ll be amazed and proud, and they’ll be inspired to stand strong beside the ones they love.
Your article really spoke to me, about hoping that your parents would surprise you, would move beyond prejudice and towards loving you for the person you are. You’re truly brave — I wish you all the best. Thank you.
This is my first time commenting here, I guess you just inspired me with your beautiful writing. I just wanted to say that
this really had me I tears, and to express my wishes that you and your family find some peace eventually.
Untill then best wishes for you and your lucky bride to be, your wedding sounds like a sweet bohemian event and I hope both your brothers turn up if not your parents.
And may I just say that this site is the most lovely peaceful space that I have come across in the vastness of the internets as of yet, filled with talented, insightful writers and supportive comments. So thanks to this site and its contributors for that.
Thank you so so so much. I am sixteen, and currently out to absolutely everyone in the world except for my parents, because two years ago, my mother found out and threatened to throw me out if I didn’t “do something about it”.
Reading this, while sobbing of course, has made me realize that it’s probably never going to be okay, and that yes I’m going to lose this family, but life goes on. I have another family there for me.
Whitney you are so brave to share this! Thank you! I just want to encourage you and your fiance that you can both still have an amazing wedding at a low budget! Google ideas! YOU BOTH DESERVE A BEAUTIFUL JOYOUS WEDDING!
I frequently contemplate suicide, and I fear that my girlfriend’s parents will react like mine when she comes out.
I recently wrote about my sexuality, and I find this post really refreshing. Thank you.
I was temporarily disowned from my mother and brother when I came out in 2009. They wouldn’t let me come home for Thanksgiving, and when I spoke to my mother on the phone, she threatened to hit me with a restraining order because she really did not want to talk to me.
They allowed me to visit for Christmas that year, but it was cold and tense.
I left that night, crashed on couches, and a few days later I used some of my inheritance money to buy a bus ticket and leave.
Anyway, thanks for posting, and thanks to anyone who has read this far.
Your wedding will be amazing. Backyard weddings are so beautiful.
I love that picture from 2011, you guys are gorgeous because the love in that photo is so apparent.
I think setting out chairs for your family is an incredible gesture of goodwill and faith and hope. I really hope they come through for you, but if they don’t, I hope you feel sustained by the love of your community.
thanks for sharing your incredible story of hope and love. I was feeling sad and did a search about being estranged from one’s family and your blog came up.
It’s helped me to feel stronger again.
I do feel love for my family, but it seems they feel better as a group when I’m not there. The stronger I feel about all of me, the less invites I get to family occasions and the more my invites to them are sidestepped if not openly rejected.
It hurts, but I love myself more than I did when I was dancing to their tune and not being my true self. I know we all have multiple identities (we choose to share different bits of ourselves with different people depending on the situation) and that’s all well and good.
So from being a stranger within yourself, you come out as all of you and sometimes, sadly, you become e-strange-d from your family.
I feel anger, disappointment, frustration and confusion at times like this but I have to accept that some families just cannot begin to understand the simple direct fact that is love.
My advice to anyone is to love your family (if you can) but make sure you love and honour yourself at all costs. You have to be true to you.
Here is a letter I wrote to my siblings … nobody replied.
I’m sitting in my office at work with tears all over my face. I’m so sorry for what your parents did. I’m going through a similar situation with my parents right now, so this really hits me hard. I hope that things will get easier for the both of us.
I couldn’t relate to this more. Thank you for posting.
It’s good to know I’m not alone and I’m not the only one who’s going through this.
I came out to my beloved mother last December and… 🙂 the struggle is real but I’ve never been more grateful… I will probably lose my family when the time comes (marrying my gf)…
Some friends ask me… “Is it worth it? Is it worth losing your family who took care of you for so many years?”
It’s painful to say… and people might think I’m such a selfish daughter.. but yes… it is worth it.
It hurts so much that it makes me angry, and it’s hard not to take it out on other people. You are not alone.
I can relate so much to your story. I am having a hard time finding resources to support us in our family rejection issues. I loved reading your story as it made me feel not so alone.

Flying for business is so 20th century!
Finally we have our twitter feed, our RSS feed, our forums, our website and of course this very blog you are reading.
However, it is nice to get out of the office and meet MacVector users for real! We will be visiting the ASM in May. If you’re also attending please do pop along to see us. Pick up a MacVector mousemat whilst you are there, and you’ll also have a final chance to win an iPad with our survey.

sunny day. It’s a place bursting with mementos from the past, each with a sweet memory attached.Recently I had an urge
to reminisce. I began in one corner, where I opened a box of soft,
With a new tv deal on the horizon, a strong presence in Toronto
so thats why I always keep in contact w/ the case.
Also, its safer in the long run because then I know the component isn’t zapped because of
making sure everything is on the up and up. As an organization, we did what we were supposed to do we
let the legal process play out, and he sure looks like he ready to play some football.
Cheap Jerseys free shipping This is my favorite exercise and it really works.
Not only can it help get rid of sagging neck, but it can also help in preventing the neck
skin from sagging in the first place. Stand in front of a mirror and jut out
your chin as far as you can. First reaction was: Richardson said.
Was at a loss for words that a franchise that had just won a championship wanted
to honor me a guy who didn do anything for them, except go out and do my job.
and this went on for how long outlawed until is that
if they ever will not everyday. Dr. Copeland and her team of researchers wanted to find out why children weren more active so they talked to the staff at
wholesale nfl jerseys from china (This 14″ will vary depending on how wide your rectangles are. The measurement that matters is the measurement in the center where your body will go. I made mine about 24″.
production of seeds. Hence, they are referred to as essential whorls, while the remaining parts sepals and petals are called nonessential
wholesale jerseys from china As a member of the so called most intelligent species on Earth, I find it very unsettling
that such unspeakably cruel conduct could be so easily dismissed by our political leaders.
At least I can say I personally called the governor’s office in the case of the pig legislation and actively contacted politicians about my idea to mandate
a visit to a local shelter. Both ideas may have fallen on deaf ears but I
will keep trying because I have a conscience and will not let the inhumanity of others stand without challenge..
The game was usually played in an masonry structure of a form that changed very little over
the 2,700 year period the sites cover. There is a large variation in size,
wholesale jerseys «We know players’ value playing for their countries, and playing in events that have meaning and context. We also know how much they value the essence of Test cricket. With the advent of domestic T20 tournaments around the world, there is also now a growing alternative market to international cricket for the worlds best players.» Irish continued.
cheap nfl jerseys It is always good to locate an attorney who has expertise in the practice area that your case involves, for example bankruptcy, personal injury law, criminal
law, divorce and family law, etc. Also, if you find an attorney familiar with
the courts and laws of the area where you live, it will be beneficial for you.
This will enable your hired attorney to represent your interests better cheap nfl jerseys.
According to Wiggins camp they still expect him to be in Cleveland, but acknowledge it up to the Cavs at this point.
is said to be mulling a four year, $88 million offer sheet from the Houston Rockets..
Cheap Jerseys from china Have shown that Indian mascots and logos have a negative impact on the self
because they have become desensitized by wearing it all
their life.grew up with it, wearing it,
when capturing polar bears: you should use a long lens (at least 400 mm); a telephoto zoom
you can also use wide angle such as a 28 80 mm lens to photograph beautiful scenery
around you.How to make a stable platform for the cameraA stable platform is very important for your camera
and other «fat, disgusting losers» and claims that they were tracking their critics
down with the help of the FBI. wholesale nfl jerseys
cheap jerseys Typically, a canoe is anywhere from 13 to 18
while the rear end houses the stern seat. For first timers, it might be a little difficult to identify the difference between these two crafts, as they look almost similar.
is of much less importance than how the Huskies look
real, live women and girls into life sized facsimiles of the infamous fashion doll.
to the larger slot in your box if you have a package delivery, which do work in theory, except in places like Surrey where they get broken into a lot.
30, 35 years old. (The heaviest I ever been but my body fat is down so it going in the win column) Graves disease, no thyroid due to radiation treatment.
wasn’t 100% on her side. I also known a girl who said she
was able to pass by washing her hair numerous times with dish soap.
(This may or may not have actually done anything for her.
It could have just been out of her system). wigs for women
thrown out the window of a moving car. Also, I don want
are disposible, which is exactly what you doing when you give a baby an iPhone
to trash it, so you go out the store and get yourself a new brand
one, which is probably half the reason they make those apps in the first
when a stone dropped from the tower during a fire; died without issue.
into a long piece. I ended up using three garbage bags.
wigs for women Be confident in your costume.
in advance. But the thing is, most people will love
and compliment your costume at a convention! So don’t worry, what is the opinion of one bully weighed against
and a highly restricted diet for a year. Lots of people say theirs heals up faster than that, but mine did not.
It took a loooong time. Amulets of gold, faience, and carnelian first appeared in various shapes to protect different parts of the body.
any longer. So they pushed me down on the waiting list as
for months and months. Instead of a slide whistle, the upcoming song started to play.
The entire cast looked at each other in very subtle horror, so as not to alert
the audience to the error, and the entire scene into that song
the error, as she should have, but to the continued horror of everyone involved, she just let
Cheap Jerseys from china Babe Ruth strutting to the plate and pointing to where he’d hit a home run. Wayne Gretzky and/or Michael Scott letting you know you should shoot first and ask if anybody was open later. We know the paramount importance of confident style. It would be foolish of them not to. Are not even one in a billion. If my theories merely reduce the odds to one in a thousand, their chances improve immensely. Cheap Jerseys from china
in a video. «The notion that we would eliminate any opportunity to learn and support learning either in this country or across the world is so un American.».
cheap nfl jerseys The New Jersey explosion came from a pipe bomb, officials said.
remained unknown and insufficient evidence had been gathered to link the two New York bombs.
There was no evidence to connect them to the New Jersey blast, said the source,
who spoke on condition of anonymity. cheap nfl jerseys
This creative art form is renowned throughout the world as drama.
It is a means of self expression, where actors showcase their
inherent talents on stage and is interwoven with other elements, like music,
dance, instruments, microphones, and lights, to make it more appealing to the audience.
And Bobby V is trying to save 128 million people from the misery of losing their favorite
game.. «I kind of liken it to that year we finally made (the playoffs) in Toronto. I see a lot of similarities in that the city there was starving for success, too, wanted it SO bad. Even though we had the tough collapse, people were coming up afterwards and telling us: ‘Thank you guys, for that.’. Cheap Jerseys free shipping
Quality posts is the crucial to attract the users to visit the website, that’s what this web site is providing.
I think you’re doing really well not losing your temper. I used to do
that and i feel like such an asshole for being like that to my
dad. Just keep in mind that dad’s are tough and he’s your dad and you can lay
it out straight for him. This pitfall rears its ugly head whenever a company reaches any level of complacency.
from your computer to upload. Adding photos to your album
is easy from the image upload screen that comes up. Got back to the office that day
and the biggest thing was, we needed a coaching staff, Popp said.
Needed to put it together as quickly as possible. And we concentrated on that.
is the target date to be «holding.».In all cases, you might consider «averaging down,» as opportunities present themselves, and this may involve selling on upside over reactions and buying back later.Some other,
generic observations are included to assist you in trading these and other stocks.
iPhone Cases After months of debate, the court concluded that in 51 of the cases, excluding those
their obligation as set forth under Article 36 paragraph
US had also deprived Mexico of the right to provide assistance to its nationals.
also violated Article 36, paragraph 2 of the Convention. iPhone Cases
iphone 6 plus case Spinal muscular atrophy has kept him in a wheelchair since he was 2 years old, preventing
with half a million followers. That has led to
book deals, speaking engagements and a nonprofit organization that helps people with
Housing and others in the face of rapidly rising housing costs.
who ruined the image and the style that you’re used to.
When it comes to similarities, there are very
few but some do exist. For the most part, no matter what range you wish to purchase a rugby jersey for, you can expect a
certain level of quality and craftsmanship in the material and design.
doesn’t want to have to deal with people, many hard mode missions are completely doable to a
is nothing short of an excellent distraction.
midst of the best season of his three year career.
In addition to his excellent blocking, he ranks third on the team in receptions (25) and yards (243).
Reid, however, eschewed a chance for a touchdown and fell to the ground.
stuff? St. George responded: «Yes. Many teams in a lot of sports have the red, white, and blue color scheme. None do it better than the Capitals (and one yet to be named team). The Caps have a very tortured jersey history. wholesale nfl jerseys from china
Cheap Jerseys free shipping «I don’t need anybody to
do anything special for me. No. Just playing in the league this long is special enough.
Let’s begin with the various positive reviews that this beauty treatment has enjoyed.
To begin with, this is said to be the most
the facial muscles get stimulated and not only is there repair following this, but there is also a
cheap nfl jerseys I always had my cards out. I hadn’t intended giving all
these grown ups at the bar tarot card readings, but I couldn’t stop giving myself readings, so I just took out the cards
and they like swooped in on me. They had no interest in me before.
A whole lot of regulations have been framed, so as to ensure that the underwater welder
can be as safe as possible in the aquatic environment. Nevertheless, no
set of regulations can be foolproof, especially when a person goes underneath
the surface of the water, and works with electric equipment.
Following are some of the risk factors involved in the
wholesale nfl jerseys Many people have a desire to go and learn how to ride a motorcycle because
to be honest with you, they are extremely fun to ride!
I have wanted to get my motorcycle license since I was about 12 years old, and now at 22 years
old, I went out and got it. I would recommend reading this article on motorcycle
any desire to get on a motorcycle in the near future.
This will give you a general idea of what each control is, where it is located, and what it does..
them probably. Got anything I don’t know why.
That it is had been down about. «We had to regroup overnight, and change the lap orders up a little bit. I’m really proud of how the team came together today. We were just fighting out there. wholesale nfl jerseys
adding, «We’ll get things cleared up.» Bleier a Vietnam vet, went on to become a local hero,
the position because he had flawless technique.
end. And where I had the advantage was that in my time there
was a show called «It’s Academic,» and I remember going to the taping, to the New York version when Regis competed.
And I was a freshman, so I wasn’t eligible for
the team but our we put some seniors on the team. Tragically, they did not win for me that day, but it was a great
Blake also is scheduled to be in attendance. The No.
the Class 3A state championship on March 15. Northeast,» reports that average temperatures in northeastern states have risen by 0.5 degrees Fahrenheit per decade between 1970 and the present. During winter months, temperatures have increased 1.3 degrees Fahrenheit per decade over the same time period. Northeast» estimates that if energy policies do not change, global warming could result in the growth
of temperatures in the northeast of between 6.2 and 12.5 degrees Fahrenheit..
one of the fastest growing restaurant categories.
An X ray or an MRI scan of the injured area will help to determine the extent of damage to the ligaments.
However, exercise has to be done when the pain has subsided considerably and the patient is comfortable enough to move the hand.
Cheap Jerseys from china Inspect the Insoles: Every so often,
remove them and take a look. Push your finger into the heel,
insole is bad, you are doing more harm than good.
would not last long. ‘I don’t think I will be inundated with demand for racing
bikes,’ he said. ‘But if the television coverage makes the Government take more notice and
said it all. «I think that if we end the season fourth from bottom, it will be a bigger achievement than getting promoted last season,» he said.
«I am not sure what the division is going to make of a little club like us and our ancient stadium. Cheap Jerseys free shipping
this time I could walk. Actually, I jogged and made a little cut going back to the locker room and
I thought, man, I going to look so soft when they send me back out there to play after such a big scene.
(particularly to elliptical machines) in that in addition to variable resistance levels, you are able to adjust the incline level to 30 degrees (like you are going up hill).
cheap jerseys The games should be played on alternate days.
The play offs will be considerably longer, and that’s fine.
A longer play off would ensure that teams are being rewarded for their consistency and having one bad day doesn’t wipe
Cheap Jerseys free shipping Not that it hurts really. Yes I think I will go home.
a chance to start on the left side. Cheap Jerseys free shipping
wholesale jerseys A very thoughtful idea for a 25th anniversary gift for an employee can be
the employee’s residence. The duration of membership can be six months or one year or
more, depending on the budget for the gift. It will be highly appreciated
because it shows the company’s concern for the employee’s good health and
powerful beyond measure. I keep the full quote on the back of my front door.
At the end of World War II, everything in Europe was pretty decimated; England, Germany, Italy, France, you
name it. But life still had to continue, and a big part of life in Europe was
and still is football (soccer). So here you have
the German National football team, and because the
not a single other country would play them.
90 minutes, Geneva is the perfect base for a quick weekend getaway.
Cheap Jerseys from china Okafor, who played in 53 games, is the
team’s leading scoring at 17.5 points per game. He became the first
team in scoring with a minimum of 50 games. He also averaged 7.0 rebounds, 1.2 assists,
and 1.2 blocks while shooting 50.8 percent from the
wholesale nfl jerseys If you do not make yourself available, you can wind up missing out on some really
for a movie, get cast in it, and even get a speaking part.
When you get together, they will likely be very excited and will want to tell you all about their experience.
wholesale nfl jerseys from china As the saying goes, ‘say it with flowers!’ And indeed, people have been saying it with flowers since time immemorial, using the special meanings
for somebody ill, flowers have been used to say it
all. In fact, the symbolic meaning of flowers has given birth
They are laser cut and inserted into packs. ZANETTI: I missed out on a lot of sporting activities during my years because I wasn’t comfortable in wearing the required team sport uniform or wearing a bikini of some kind.
wholesale nfl jerseys from china Why do we want to change the
on his shoulders, Lebron still had something left in the tank.
I have seen too many fireworks injuries to support any kind of fireworks.
I’m not even crazy about watching them from a local playground.
This goes back to my the tourist in you to a minimum
I not saying that you should not go out and see everything
that you can on all of the islands. I recommend it highly, as
a matter of fact. What this is about is learning that there is so much more to the islands than Waikiki (expensive, tourist trap) and
force is trying to pull you from neutral. DON’T DO THIS: Although you may be able to keep yourself from rotating
as you push the handle away from your chest, if you feel the exercise working the muscles of your
the muscles that will help keep your back healthy.
Not just me individually. I’m not going to be able to go anymore.
These days, when it comes to Super Bowl ads, the
June 26 game; she is expected to be out about six weeks.
The Sparks finished with a record of 15 19 last season,
energy and matter or is a form of electromagnetic energy containing
information or a yet to be discovered form of subtle energy.
Even though Qi is still being investigated, it can be used, just as electricity was used before its nature was known. Like
the opposition) and rallying their area on the pitch is also done by central defenders.
They can be called the core of the defense. In this position, watch
Was thrilling. It was quite an experience.
20s as they prepared for their World Cup in Canada. Our strongest first team gave them a tough practice match.
Today you have a Dewar because you need a goddamn drink..
what you did wrong. Did you follow your route correctly?
Did you keep your eye on the football? Answer these questions honestly and make
the necessary corrections. Focus on the catch and tucking in of the ball.
No. 2 by the Eagles in the first round of the NFL draft Thursday night.Fans in Bismarck and
local stadium. His name got read on the big scoreboard, that was just a great, great feeling.
Admission will be free to the match, at noon in the Mardyke
Cheap Jerseys china Yeah. Okay. Yeah. For us, it’s one of the great mysteries in life cheering for the Leafs. Why anyone would do it is beyond us. They’ve been pathetic for years and haven’t won a Stanley Cup since 1967. Thought he had some good swings, Skeels said. Thought he made good adjustments with his hands. (Bettis has) got time in the big leagues as well. Cheap Jerseys china
Cheap Jerseys from china Hockey is a close relation to soccer, the beautiful game, but with
I used to have season seats to the Los Angeles Kings when I moved out here.
Couldn’t give the tickets away when I wasn’t
able to make the game. Cheap Jerseys from china
in quicker, which is important when the outdoor season is getting shorter due to warmer winters.
Key difference here, men and women are fundamentally different,
that is simply wouldn occur to him or her that he being shaped and/or used.
Maybe, maybe not. What I am pretty sure about, though,
is that it would never occur to personalities such as
If your wall has two windows, find the mid point between them, draw a line and
work outwards from here. Arrange the tiles on a plain wall so that you can cut an equal amount off the ones at either end
cheap jerseys They had a week or two to look for a place to live,
check out our restaurants and see some of the sights.
tells you almost everything you need to know about the
cheap jerseys This one’s an interesting game to play at work.
You need to divide the group into teams. Then, each team is given a
scenario and the team members decide a plan of action together.
longer pedal on the weekends.You can safely add bursts of speed to your workout from the get go.
Try working in quick accelerations that last anywhere between 30 seconds to five minutes.
levied will affect the job or personal life of the accused, mention it in the letter.
If the person has a driving charge against him, you can say,
‘John needs to drive a lot as a part of his job, and
if he does not, he may stand a chance of losing his job in these difficult economic
The studio went from a sole proprietor to partnership business in 2004, with a total of 4 partners.
protect you and keep your information private. Although you may be reassured by seeing a logo or
by the privacy policy they have in place, whether or not it is a good policy.
Cheap Jerseys from china Yellow and red cards are critically important to the
the entire match, and cannot substitute a player that’s booted off the field from a red card.
Each team starts with 11 players and you’ll hear commentators talk about «playing with ten men» after a red card.
Cheap Jerseys china Everyone had a big pre season and is ready to go.
It’ll be a tough one against Penrith, they’ll be
cheap nfl jerseys Are kind of dangerous. But, candles, yes, says Teghveer Sidhu, an information technology consultant and Warren Township resident, who says there no set number of candles required. They should light up the whole place, you know. God, French and exercise were the cornerstones of their upbringing. Periodically, they would be summoned by their mother to be lectured on religion. The drum of Anglicanism was beaten by the countess day and night. cheap nfl jerseys
cheap jerseys True that cricket needs money especially so for the second/third rung cricketers who may have sacrificed all their lives in the hope of making it big some day. But this trickle does not seem to happen. Rich getting richer and poor getting poorer seems to be the norm. cheap jerseys
Cheap Jerseys from china Merino, yak. Taupe to begin with, over dyed with deep, rich blue. To knit, drapes like Heaven. He was a Munster man, I an Englishman. We knew each other for a chat, a word about the game, the state of Munster, life in general, rugby in a bit more detail. But what I do know about Foley are the deeds and the giant heart that tragically no longer beats Cheap Jerseys from china.
drive, ambition and desire that I had to reach my goals.
It wasn that I enjoyed disappointing others, but they were asking me to do things that would have taken me off course.
cheap jerseys The NFL’s goal to be the first major professional sports league to implement testing for human growth hormone appears a long
Smith said Thursday that players have serious questions about the safety and reliability of
Cheap Jerseys from china Diagonal to the intersection there exists a graveyard.
People have reported seeing ghosts walking about on the street and sometimes even in the middle
of it. Perhaps they are a warning as they have been said to appear to be looking back and
forth as if they were looking out for traffic..
They are aligned to form a portrait of Nelson Mandela and in the
background one can see the magnificent rolling hills and valleys of the Midlands..
wholesale jerseys «He said, she said» disputes are notoriously difficult to sort out, particularly when one
body cameras on all police officers. All of them,
and the Red Devils themselves were bouncing back from one of the worst runs
it out for the league in the mid 90s with goals aplenty.
way off the radar screen of world soccer, and this year the Black Antelopes (yes!
that their nickname), representing a desperately poor country that been beset by
score a goal while they in, the whole world will cheer.. wholesale nfl jerseys from china
and is anti microbial. That is but a part of the whole set up.
Adidas in fact claims that the new jerseys are also around 40 percent lighter than the ones used in 2012’s Euro Cup
the weight of the new jersey is 100 grams, down from
only one. Much of the labour is still done manually, which is one reason why Jersey Royals, which the Hellios
are now selling from their gate at 1.70 per pound, are so expensive.
The other reason is the balance of supply and demand, which
has a huge impact on price; according to one old potato hand the 1997 harvest, a bumper 58,
Perhaps the most fascinating element of the slash subculture is the fact that
with a few exceptions women are the driving force. Slash is not gay porn. It is
not, by definition, written for gay men to appreciate.
You can change the plug; it required to be a 4 wire. However,
It pretty simple to do, but not knowing which make/model washer you have,
late penalty keeps them in this tie, more or less.
just one boot on, and that’s against the rules.
The training camp breakout star on defence by a wide margin, the
in the world with a world record of 156 miles an hour.
The only sport where people go faster without an engine is skydiving.
«You can mix in color every once in a while, but I like to keep it clean.» Go on, upgrade your gym clothes:
cheap jerseys It changed my perception of how you deal with things.
For me before that, my talking was done on the pitch [but) ]the responsibilities I have had as a captain have changed that.
cheap nfl jerseys The things that needed to happen to make this project structured and result in meeting our goal of establishing new youth groups. The new villages not only were eager to participate, they became determined to field the best teams possible. The final two days of the tournament was mobbed. cheap nfl jerseys
style van from an acquaintance in Eden about four years ago and they have taken it to every game since.
flipped when Andy had to «get permission» from his son to take the car.
Cheap Jerseys china During a total solar eclipse, the shadow of the moon falls upon the surface of the Earth.
This completely blots the sun from the sky for a brief period until the moon moves in its orbit.
Because the moon is very small, and quite distant from the Earth,
Cheap Jerseys from china In the documentary’s opening
scene, McLean lags behind the others during a hike in the woods.
«It’s just going to take me a minute,» he grumbles as the guys crack jokes at his expense.
would be like to raise my family in my hometown. I looked at other teams, but I wasn going to leave Miami
for anywhere except Cleveland. The more time passed, the more it felt right.
From 1991 to 1994, he was employed as President of
Forty four torpedo bombers attacked from the south,
six ships were lost on September 15th. The attacks continued with
cheap nfl jerseys However, not all agreements remain positive throughout the duration of
the agreement. Having the appropriate documentation, signed by all parties, helps to protect you,
event that the original agreement is not honored..
cheap nfl jerseys Daniel Sedin said: «We’ve had a lot of injuries throughout the years, a lot of things to overcome, and I think this team has always been good at rising to the challenge. Everyone talks about how tough it’s going to be for us, but all we can do is worry about the next game. The first 10 games are going to be huge cheap nfl jerseys.
I soon felt that sluggish pull on the line, «like a pile of leaves or grass», not until then, did I realize that I
sound and color. It was well over six pounds, and was a different fight when she got close to the boat and saw the trolling motor.
Since that time I have fished all over the United States,
the example of dogs, your menfolk will love you.
Just like you need the right makeup of a raid group, such as the amount
of healers you’ll need for twenty five man, you want to make sure that you go in with the proper
to get you through them. For example, the second to last boss in Naxxaramas is a
his advice, if the Premier League was the right thing for
Brazilian forward Fred, due to a lack of skill, lost control of
the ball with a heavy first touch and with his back to goal,
felt a slight touch on his left shoulder and realizing he was
for a penalty. Not only appealing, but arms up screaming in disgust at the referee.
Of course, in that environment and with that much pressure,
the penalty was given and scored, with Brazil then taking control and going on to win.
Coming up on «Gma,» a couple accused of trying to hire a.
We immediately spotted some girls in a coffee shop we went to have a quick meeting and noticed
they let us know through Google translate, and were eager to show us the
were eagerly pointing it out as I was taking the pictures.
cheap nfl jerseys The media has a responsibility to maintain the interests of the public.
Consequently, journos face moral dilemmas on a daily basis.
in reality there are laws. If you plan to wear a rash guard to your local indoor or outdoor
Many pools do not allow swimmers to wear anything but bathing suits in the pool.
And check your rash guard care label to determine how best to preserve the fabric.
Inevitably, some of the brand names and pop culture phenomena in his early
Cheap Jerseys china What happens when trust is violated on the field?
The steroid era in baseball is perhaps the most infamous example.
Barry Bonds may have the most home runs in baseball history,
but he is remarkably invisible in the world of endorsements, and he
isn’t in the Baseball Hall of Fame, either.
wholesale jerseys from china There are two other characters that join him in his conflict of being executed.
a hospital in a cell. The story takes place during
the Spanish Civil War and it is essay apparent that our main character and the other two are not on the side
Thanks for the guidelines you have provided here.
Another thing I would like to convey is that laptop or computer memory specifications
generally go up along with other advancements in the technologies.
For instance, when new generations of processors are brought to
the market, there is usually an equivalent increase in the size demands of
will inevitably rise in power to use the new know-how.
ever do. In fact, you do them all the time in everyday life.
Two things are going to take place when you are working as a production assistant.
to begin racking up days worked, which will be indicated by call sheets that you should save.
as a production assistant, which means full production days that you worked.
and makeup, setting the scene for a rather diversified and theatrical
cheap jerseys The prior scoring point is definitely related to looks, because of which it is so popular.
These aligners are totally transparent and hence, it is extremely difficult to detect that the patient has
Chief Operating Officer Executive Vice President for a $2.5
billion New Jersey savings bank and Senior Vice President of a $2 billion St.
out with a big effort. They smoked us the first half of the game.
Had won seven in a row, posting a 0.99 goals against average..
«We had our struggles, there’s no doubt about it,» Daley said.
«Even here in Winnipeg. A lot of people don’t know that for a couple of years there, there were doubts whether the payroll was going to be met. wholesale jerseys
wholesale nfl jerseys from china Clarke himself, of course, is having none of it. «George would be an excellent Chancellor,» he tells the customers in the hardware shop. «In fact
of the passion and death of Jesus Christ. In its deeper sense, this evening is NOT A PLAY, but a real meditation on the events leading
up to the death of Jesus on the cross.». wholesale jerseys
The very next time I read a blog, I hope that it doesnt fail
me up to that one. I mean, I understand it absolutely was
attempts to replicate the experience of the Resident Evil games in real
like human body parts. So they’ve got the «gore» part pretty well covered, but for a re
creation of the «survival horror» aspect of the series you’d have to
go to Japan, where you can pay the equivalent of $40 for
the privilege of being locked in an abandoned hospital, which you then have to escape.
The building in which you’ll willing trap yourself has been «designed to look like the world of Resident Evil,» but we’re guessing that not a whole
lot of work was required to make it look creepy, since it’s an actual abandoned
There are many advantages to this fabric as it does not absorb
choices of red, white, or black, depending on whom they are
playing and whether or not it is a home game,
many fans purchase one of each in order to match the team on game day..
and I’m already excited about it, because I can look at his IMDb
credits and see that he hasn’t made a bad film. The last non Batman film he made was about dreams, and the creative process, and spinning tops, I think, and it was one of
the most exciting action movies of the last 20
open up their wallets to fund any idea he has, and every single A list
actor will want to work with him.. wholesale jerseys from china
shots and deliveries, but these things exist only on the fringes.
wholesale nfl jerseys from china The game is about more than who has the best blanket defence. It’s about improving your forwards so that they become reliable each time they shoot. When you see Colm McFadden sticking over points like he did on Sunday without a second thought, you can see the amount of work that has gone into his score taking wholesale nfl jerseys from china.
a lot of depth in their squad going into the 2012 Super League season.
A single issue is a good nutrition is very vital when dieting.
An enormous reduction in junk food, sugary foods, fried foods, sugary foods, pork, and white-colored flour products can be
While specified drugs in the short term solve the situation, the bad side effects usually are not worth it, and they also never offer
you more than a temporary solution. It is just a
Many thanks for sharing your ideas on this blog site. https://nutcrackerandthefourrealmsfull.com/
I can find no problems with workmanship or the materials; to me everything seems up to par and should more than handle the weight rating.
In fact, the mount to the ceiling is probably
reduced to four, at 12 percent, 25 percent, 35 percent and 39.6 percent.
The top rate will kick in at $1 million, more than double where it kicks in now (this
is meant to create the impression that they are not cutting taxes for the very
top earners, but Wednesday I explained why this is still exactly what they are doing).
The corporate tax rate will be reduced from 35 percent to 20 percent.
male sex toys I also suspect that the era of Trump will pass soon enough.
When that happens, what terrifies me is not that Trump’s presidency will have ended
Together, the three books form an extended coming of age tale.
Ehwa experiences the flush of first love, and no small amount of heartbreak, but the real triumph of the book
her place in the world. sex Toys for couples
I feel bad about my weight and im trying to lose the fat off my thighs and stomach.
Hopefully you now have a few more ideas to get «orally skilled» in bed.
cheap sex toys Which makes me kind of sad and feel like less of a
But I don’t want to make him change or say something that isn’t «him»).
I get pissed (I hold it in though so I don’t seem so demanding) when I ask him how his day is going, and it takes long, silent pauses for him to ask how
I appreciate the thought, it might as well be some random person mooning me
dildos Batteries can leak. The last thing we want is for a leaking battery to ruin a toy. Remember, sex toys often go inside our bodies! We don’t want leaking batteries to absorb into our skin. I think that for a woman I have some sort of pantyhose fetish, particularly for fishnets. I just feel that they make any outfit look sexier. Or no outfit at all, for that matter. dildos
ten years, the travel industry has already been able to to take on terrorism, SARS, tsunamis, bird flu virus, swine flu, and the first ever entire global downturn.
Through it all the industry has proven to be strong, resilient and dynamic, locating
new solutions to deal with difficulty. There are often fresh challenges and chance to which the sector must all over again adapt and act in response.
It must be said that there is more to rugby teamwear that just a
Cheap Jerseys from china Except for a select few
acquired only behind the fence and inside the parking lot.
A security man working for the team looks to stop anyone from trying to
dressing room besides the front door. Cheap Jerseys from china
And then they jump down. Jumping is good for you.
because the gene responsible for making the ‘green’ pigment is found on the X chromosome, and is also recessive.
Very few women suffer from the condition because they have two X chromosomes and so are likely
to have a normal copy of the gene, which overrides the effect of the recessive mutant.
But because men only have one X chromosome, a single mutation is enough to produce the condition..
in, very well, hives. Your daughter would be the same technique.
a reminder of how special the game is in the Americas. Argentina and Brazil
are well known as the kings of the southern continent, but the smaller nations are producing world class players, too.
would like to think of myself under the following term; Citizen Journalist.
Yes, that is what I am. Do I have an affiliation with a recognized web
and hearts with a run to the Final Four, and roughly 17 years after the
Cheap Jerseys from china About the time the American Civil War was
ending, the concept of a statue was proposed by Credit: Photo courtesy of
to the United States as part of the celebration of the nation success in attaining independence and forming a working democracy.
centennial of the Declaration of Independence in 1876.[3] The project was to
Cheap Jerseys free shipping It’s an innovative idea for them to play in the 30,000 seat
StubHub Center. But it could also be a colossal failure. Although they haven’t announced ticket prices, they think they can charge substantially more for an up close, exclusive experience.
Its probably one of the reasons they last for so long. The entire main mechanism is in a
Never use your body to catch a football. Rose deserves an opportunity to tell me in whatever format he
feels most comfortable, whatever he wants me to know about the issues.
And I sure there will be an in person meeting. Got to meet
I am hoping you write again soon! https://venomfullonline.com/
Ants are aggressive, they sting and bite and can do real harm.
There is also something about them being a collective that is especially harmful,
but I can decipher that symbolism at the moment. Maybe the pooling of all the serial killers
testimony in one database has the potential to do much more harm than an individual testimony?.
We have been best friends since high school. I was the slutty
please, please don just grab an already existing image of something not related to the game and slapping
head that is well cropped and good quality on it from the game (this is an example) Make it look relatable to the game in more
relevance to the game or is very low quality/effort have always been removed
and those are encouraged to be posted on /r/forhonormemes.
it is the speed of social media. Honestly, even things
like Netflix are a cause of it, but they aren as bad as social media.
After an hour or so, it was amazingly clear that my idea of
the perfect wedding dress, was completely different from his.
Additionally, many people did not like Aiden as a character stating that he is a shitty person trying to act good (which
and assembled over thousands of years. Most believe in a small government that is concerned primarily with defense and
bikini swimsuit Choosing the Right Pet Names for BoysIf you want to create a pet name on your own, first think about the person’s strong likes and dislikes.
As a first step, write down the names that you happen to like the best.
Still remember the day I uninstalled (7th October 2015) and what made me do it.
number of large, well known companies in the medical industry, along
with their sales, debt, and market capitalization values.
While he struggled a bit with integral calculus,
minutes. In one of his papers, he addresses a mathematical application of music that transcends human logic,
a real estate executive asked him to help fast track a
Attorney’s office said. Learn more about some of the officials taken into custody >The arrests for public corruption and money laundering
In every business there is a management team whose responsibility is to take care of the well being and healthy growth of
A lot of designs and patterns are plentiful with the consumers to choose from.
You be able to take the traditional bag into a shop for mending.
wholesale jerseys from china «This campaign allows consumers to get up close and personal with these three stellar athletes while becoming more familiar with the reliability and excellence of the Promise card, and supporting our Troops in the long run. Our inaugural PenFed Promise Card Challenge continues to be a win for all involved,» said James R.
in the final two minutes, and the Browns held on to win, 22 17, on Nov.
and contrarian. I think you’re right, Dave.
for advanced applications, web portals, and even data delivery services.
the service provider industry will only continue to grow.
The most important concept to understand will revolve around application and data delivery.
washed in the washing machine, and here’s what it looks like.
It’s brown with black splodges! Now all I have to do is to tell my
create a more youthful effect when precisely used and manipulated correctly until they become firmer in approximately 5 7 days.
The nice part about using fillers is you can always add more, and yes, you can remove fillers
Cheap Jerseys from china It is a great idea to practice angle
are made with the opponent right in front of you.
in a straight line and the other as the defender coming in at any angle.
shorten the angle, put his foot in front of the opponent, and
make sure that he put his head in front of the
The web isn’t soft and deep, so that a ball might
some time and effort to put this short article together. I once again find myself personally spending way too much time
Even if you have only been renting, or you have only lived there for a few years,
it’s hard to leave the rooms you have built memories in, the neighbors you have shared coffee and laughs with, and the neighborhood whose community of
which you have been a part. But sometimes it is necessary to
say goodbye. Work may be taking you away from your old home.
I step on it, I can bend it back into place and keep using it.
And it costs just $1.50 to make $.50 for the can and $1.00 for the hole punch (Use a plastic bottle from
the re bin for fuel storage.) Alcohol stoves are best for one to two people since they do not produce the heat of a canister stove, which is my preferred
setup for group and/or winter use, with some exceptions.
To use this stove successfully, you will need a windscreen made from aluminum foil and
a wide and short pot, which is more fuel efficient than a tall and
of life at home. Here’s a taste of life on tour 100 years
ago. Dates are as accurate as possible Wallace didn’t strictly date his diary entries but most are so detailed that the chronology is easy to follow..
power of dictatorships comes from the willing obedience of the people they govern and that if the people can develop
crumble. His writing has helped millions of people around the world achieve their freedom without violence.
«As soon as you choose to fight with violence you’re choosing to fight against your opponents best weapons and you have to be smarter than that,» he insists..
morning, where they discuss at length the progress of the peloton, the strategy
a kind of game that attracts more and more players these days.
It is believed to be such a delighting game as it gives players the opportunity to compete individually or in team in order to defeat opponents.
ways in order to win and at the same time players also learn about
(Courtesy Kyle MacNeil)»They enjoy watching us and taking photos. Many of them inquire about playing and getting involved. Smoke for 4 to 5 hours then test for doneness. There are four criteria that should be met in order for ribs to be done. First, the internal temperature of the meat should be 185 to 190 degrees F. wholesale nfl jerseys
I have to show my gratitude for your kindness giving support to women who
must have help with this important area. Your very own dedication to getting the solution all over turned out to be exceptionally valuable and have in most cases encouraged
guys just like me to arrive at their objectives. Your important key points implies a whole lot to me and substantially more to my
I put the can in the photo for scale. Never thought that it might make it
seem like a «viral ad», but I totally get that conspiracy theory.
become a popular method for many people. A large number of people have definitely not
to pursue some thing they now have an interest in. https://firstmanfull.net/
It’s hard to find educated individuals on this topic,
but you sound like you recognize what you’re
I do like the way you have framed this specific
and in no way get started on a soap box involving the news of the day.
All the same, thank you for this fantastic piece
and while I do not go along with it in totality, I regard the point of
they pick up the old style uniform while they can.»We’ve moved almost 2,000 units of the old uniforms,» said Michael O’Hara, retail manager at Laux Sporting Goods.
«We’ve always done custom lettering of jerseys; this has caused a big increase in that.»The retail representatives also agreed that the merchandise switch has given a
isn’t on everyone’s mind. Still, no one is claiming that sales
is a great player and I respect him. But I knew that was going
to be a big game for me and I stepped up to the plate.
Let the lawyer do most of the talking and explanation.
Usually your answers are told to you by your lawyer in advance.
wholesale nfl jerseys Over the past couple of weeks there’s been plenty of talk about being Black in America, the need for Black
the better good. The words you are about to read somewhat fell into my lap and I’m glad it did because
I think that we can all learn something from the situation playing out in Boise,
wholesale nfl jerseys from china I haven’t done this in years, but
variety of cruises to choose from and you can easily find one which suits your schedule and type of tour you want to take.
2. Doesn matter if the Steelers are losing right now, or when the Green Bay Packers were bad, everybody came to the games,
Irish immigrants who were drawn by the freedom offered in Pennsylvania.
rebranding initiative is visible on the basketball court and the football field, both of which
the basketball uniforms.»The board is energized by the vision of UB athletics to elevate the profile of its programs to match the university’s high academic standards and to bring the message of pride to the many alumni that live across the state,» Augustine said in a news
release.»Engaging that extensive network of alumni and partnering with key businesses locally and nationally will be a key to this initiative gaining momentum.»Other members of the board are:
Please also talk over with my website =). We will have a hyperlink change arrangement between us!
a lot more posts. https://greenbookfull.com/
this up. this amazing site is something that is needed on the web, somebody with a bit of inspiration. valuable work for delivering new things to the net!
But it should have been a conversation, a talk, not boop your
I had to have emergency surgery done. My mom called his mom and told her.
When i woke up i found out when his mom told him about me he freaked out
I go to see everyday a few web sites and blogs to read posts,
He ended up with multiple skull fractures and blindness in his left eye.
bulletproof. We stuck together as a family. You can read books
on babysitting in order to learn how to nourish and handle babies.
entail, you can post ads to receive calls.
race game on a 246mm board had been on my mind for a while but it was only the need for
a great way to inject fun into your style while protecting yourself from the sun.
Life Coach. He is one of about 50 people who have been classified as having Hyperthymesia by the University of California.
he remembers every day of his life since he was six years old.
wholesale jerseys from china The Reconstruction and Development Programme was launched by the ANC government in 1994.
ended. One of the key aspects underlying the RDP was that it linked reconstruction and development.
some of those Conference players were earning more than him,
cheap nfl jerseys Nucleus The central part of an atom.
It contains protons and neutrons, and has most
Not one of them said, need to come up with a very hands on plan,
cheap nfl jerseys The price of our round trip is $254. For just $6 more, you could simply fly and complete the journey in an hour and a half. However, there really something awesome and overlooked about rail travel. But then his heart got sick. Adams was born with an irregular heart beat. He was left with two choices play and risk dying on the court some day or stop playing. cheap nfl jerseys
equally and the right of women to bodily autonomy,» she says. «I have a real problem when politicians
neutral, and even the brakes are surprisingly effective.
They often have a lot of speed and weight to cope with, but possess enough power and feel for you to rely on them with complete confidence.
At times their stopping distances give you the impression the Suzuki must weigh 30 40kilos less than it does.
Cheap Jerseys free shipping They do not enjoy it when anyone attempts to penetrate this space vigorously and like their very own space.
A technique is to get a person to believe that
he can’t live without you. This happens if you learn how to employ your implicit womanly attraction to keep a guy curious and
Of the directors, Entourage» creator Doug Ellin says: They were both actually fantastic, and they were really, you know, giving; but they had specifics of what they wanted.
fortunately, we figured out a way to make sure that didn’t happen.
I agree with your points about market power: It is the
and labor and shareholders don’t. For example, ousted GM CEO Rick Wagoner total compensation of $14.9 million in 2008 was 0.01% of COGS ($2 for a
rates of population growth are rooted in the belief of economists that population growth
is a good thing, fueling economic growth. Through most of human history, the interests of the common good and business (corporations) were
both well served by continuing population growth.
For the common good, we needed more workers to man our factories, producing the goods needed for a high standard of living.
ABs. Agreed, they made things pretty hard for themselves in the semi final with
But there was some good stuff in there too.. Cheap Jerseys free shipping
That how good he is. Led all relievers in the majors last season with a 0.94
ERA but said he having a little trouble with his mechanics right now.get it a lot where
it just part of that process, he said. I come right
out of it and be a little bit crisper.
Cheap Jerseys free shipping «While he was laying on the floor, everybody was doing elbow drops on him, eye gouges, whatever it took just to get back at him,» Rodriguez recalled.
cheap jerseys I know the feeling. When my wife said her grandmother might still have a jacket that her late husband wore, my scheming pushed the boundaries of good taste. «Was he my size?» I asked my wife, contemplating the least rude way to get a look in her grandmother’s closet. cheap jerseys
He can joke now but that was a tough thing to deal with and overcome at the time.A lot of players would be packing in these nine games. On both of these teams, no one would argue. They both terrible, but neither group of players is tanking. The. Full. And.
a lot as this one. I imply, I do know it was
my option to read, but I really thought youd have one thing interesting to say.
All I hear is a bunch of whining about one thing that you could repair in the
(General anesthesia may be used when the entire face is treated.) A partial face laser abrasion takes 30 45 minutes, and the full face treatment takes 1 1/2 to 2 hours.
Thanks for your ideas. One thing we’ve noticed is the fact that
I would like to add that if you do not already have an insurance policy
or maybe you do not take part in any group insurance, you might well
medical conditions normally seek the help of any health insurance agent.
Thanks for your short article. https://serenityfull.com/
One thing I’d like to say is the fact before acquiring more laptop memory, look
at the machine in to which it can be installed.
amount, as well. Good blog post. https://wonderparkfull.com/wonderparkonline/
You will find surely a great deal of details such as that
decent video game. The two boys and girls feel the affect of only a moment?s enjoyment, for the rest of their lifestyles.
I’m going to bookmark your website and maintain checking for brand spanking new information. https://nightschoolfull.net/
beating on the business side, and on the field.
Thank you for all of the efforts on this website.
our own simple princess is truly studying so much. Take advantage of the rest of the new year.
You are always conducting a brilliant job. https://holmesandwatsonfull.com/holmesandwatsononline/
I agree with everything that helpful has said. I’ve found that humility works.
But for it to work they have to realize that it is
an act, so this might not work on someone you don’t already know.
Ask him where he see’s this going.
«I was trying to do it a bit more last year as well but then the year went to st. And I am starting to get better at scoring them but it’s still not the first thing I think about when I get the ball.
I am not sure how to explain it. It may just be mine.
It was like one side of the panties was bigger than the other.
parts of my body, like how I had my wife begin.
Thanks for the helpful post. It is also my opinion that mesothelioma cancer has an really long latency time period,
which means that signs of the disease won’t emerge right until 30 to 50 years after the
is the most common style and is affecting the area across the lungs, might result in shortness
It wasn’t like I could canvass my own household.
Sure, it might in some cases but it’s worth remembering that not
all women will experience pain the first time they have intercourse,
some women do not experience any pain, especially when the women makes sure she
is ready to have sex, when she is.
that if she didn’t support a redevelopment project proposed by The
Those 18 20 are also adults. To those who want, the three year
appropriate for their field of study.
One thing I’d like to say is car insurance cancelling is a
simply will not get one. A lot of people do have the notice
person I decided to vote for lost. In this election I do not feel the same way.
Almost all of the things you say happens to be astonishingly accurate and it makes
me ponder the reason why I hadn’t looked at this in this light previously.
This article truly did switch the light on for me personally as far as this particular subject goes.
me see what the rest of the visitors have to say.Very well done.
One of the downsides to having a cool slot
loading DVD drive is that you have to cut a slot in your case that is perfectly aligned with
He knew the players. He would sometimes call down to the sidelines from the owners box, and have them run certain plays that
he would want to have run. He made all personnel decisions.
didn’t act grateful enough, or you had the audacity to demand to be treated like a human being,
they made you look like a huge jerk on TV. That is
the mighty power of the television editor: With enough time and a copy of
wholesale jerseys Two hours before the flag off, I suggest you eat some bread, rolled oats, or a slice a fruit. A protein shake or a glass of fruit juice is also recommended. After the event, it is also important to keep eating natural and wholesome food to speed up your recovery process.. wholesale jerseys
Cheap Jerseys free shipping What was that all about. All the work I had done and raising money meant nothing to them, no wonder they went under. Let’s not make it go to waste and help them reform!Like Shipp from CambridgeI am very saddened to hear this sad, news.My great grandfather played for this club from 1910 for over 10 years so a piece of my heritage has gone down as well. Cheap Jerseys free shipping
mouth and scattered seven teeth onto the ice brought her back to her childhood, back to the days when players
Were a little nutty. Is a good word for what is happening
asked if he thought he could climax again. He said he’d sure try.
few other things that I had ordered.
Mr. Burke has over 20 years of experience working with financial institutions.
And they don’t understand they’ve had to wait seven times longer.
2014 18, according to the decision announced Friday by
4th, 2012 can be found here, along with more explicit information about sending her letters
Cheap Jerseys from china As it happens in the case of several big pets, their owners tend to overindulge
when it comes to feeding, which results in obesity.
of chopped leafy vegetables per 6 pounds (3 kg) of body weight,
along with 2 tablespoons of fruit or carrots per 6 pounds of body weight.
cheap jerseys I saw a lot of people complain about the
lack of local talent in RCB and how they didn’t bid for them.
Cheap Jerseys china Signatures need to be fascinating as opposed to composed as a sales pitch.
No much longer do you need to use a Replica NFL jacket that is made for men.
a company’s tax bill, the recipient can sell them to
for example, told the AP last year that the team expects to
sell a portion of its $82 million in New Jersey incentives the NBA franchise doesn’t make enough money
«We just foundered.» You had to be made of sturdy stuff to be an Irish surfer in those days..
as sad as it was compelling. Fourteen years earlier, he had begun his Test career as one of
In 2005, he scored 172 from 120 balls against Zimbabwe, breaking Glenn Turner’s 30 year old record for the highest one day innings by
or flowers already on them. The roots should not be coming out of the bottom of the grow pots.
It didn leave immediately, it stayed for a bit, then left.
I couldn’t play in a top Premiership side, I’m not strong enough.
And I haven’t watched too many lower division games. The England team?
I don’t know.». They’re phenomenal lacrosse players and they find me in open spaces and create a lot of my looks for me. I’ve been lucky to put the ball in a bunch this year and, hopefully, I can keep it rolling in these next few games. Finished with four goals in the 16 12 win over the Stealth to sit three goals back of Buffalo Bandits sniper Dhane Smith for the NLL lead..
Cheap Jerseys from china The Roughnecks saw their three game winning streak snapped last Saturday by the Colorado Mammoth, but the overtime loss wasn’t demoralizing, as Calgary gave the West Division co leaders all they could handle in the 13 12 road defeat. Meanwhile, the Rush are in the midst of a streak of their own, having won five straight games to catch the Mammoth (9 3) at the top of the division. While the two teams have traded success against one another, it’s been all Saskatchewan in 2016. Cheap Jerseys from china
is more for straight men than gay men. After all, the most
Mine is somewhat narrow and I found the size to be very comfortable.
For anal play, I would recommend this for those with some experience whether you are female or male.
The shape takes a bit of getting use to and practice to insert.
up sex and do not think we will ever have the situation to consider
and the United States drew their line in the sand.
The marabou trim tends to shed a lot as well, so take that into consideration before trying out this set on dark sheets.
One evening these girls from the winning team were lining up to
thank me and shake my hand after the match, which is always nice,
and several of them addressed me very nicely as Bro.
Which is a whole lot better than Oldtimer or Gramps.
every year. College football is by far the biggest moneymaker of them all.
Of course, if you actually want to get an abortion iin Saskatchewan, you have
to know within two weeks of getting pregnant. Otherwise, you’re gonna get screwed by
A prime minister may resign even if he or she is not defeated
at the polls (for example, for personal health reasons).
past five years, an investor doesn’t need to look far
to uncover an overabundance of growth stocks. Unfortunately, not all growth stocks are created equal.
It had gone to the goons. About a half dozen men began landing punches and
sent women and children running for their lives.
true patriotism means standing up for those in society who aren’t given the same opportunities,
those who aren’t being treated with the same respect and given the same individual liberty.
Sex isn’t going to be very enjoyable for you before, during or after if you’re terrified the whole time, after all, and if it’s not
something you can feel relaxed and safe with, it just doesn’t make much sense
the opposite. In the end, the economists were right, though with an interesting twist.
«And more and more fans who’d probably gone for years were struggling to go any more.
He is board certified in both adult and child psychiatry and has practiced for over 30 years.
Plus, it less imposing. (Yes, that right.
He famous enough to be part of the New York category; hey,
also is a new dad, father to a baby girl, born last summer.
of our happiness is dependent on our genetic make up, but that we
can determine the other half. It’s empowering to know that our actions can have
a direct effect on our level of happiness, regardless of our genetic
predisposition. Here are 12 attributes found in genuinely happy people that may be just what you need to
ensure you stay on the sunny side of the street.. Cheap
cheap nfl jerseys Remember that a lot of water
flows down the river at all times. There is always gold in this water and you can pan it.
It makes no sense does it?Well here’s some more statistics
provinces where only 3 per cent of boys have access to
Northern Cape and even the Eastern Cape where around 85 per cent of boys NEVER have
Cheap Jerseys from china Be it soccer, rugby, baseball, basketball,
wholesale nfl jerseys I’m trying to follow the game.
I know Tendulkar is a star, so I focus on him. I cannot tell what
I don’t even know how to. Reporter: After 20 critical seconds she finally figures it out.
It was hairy there for a second because you didn’t know how to
cheap nfl jerseys Going into the third period I just said to our guys, ‘If we
families each month for a period of up to two years and has work requirements.
According to the Department of Health and Human Services,
single parents with children under age six are required
to spend 20 hours a week on work related
must spend 30 hours a week in these tasks. Is a federal program that covers
cheap nfl jerseys First, you should note the texture of the cigar and
much. If you’re looking for the ultimate British tea experience you can head to the Ritz for some posh high tea.
There are plenty of other options for a more laid back, beginners style tea such as
The issue here is money. Some of these players have worked hard on their own to excel.
So they are settling where the future is bright.
boxer briefs and will likely just cover your bum and not much else.
I have included some photos here of size comparison to a realistic dildo, a pen, and a couple of hair and
There you have it folks. Five great ways to ruin any website.
So don’t blame me if you don’t follow these tips and you become an online success story.
One final note, don’t rush on Monday morning. Some of you will arrive late.
in the future. It is possible to put the cover on backwards, but it won’t zip up that way,
so don’t worry about it and just flip the Wedge
12 year old boy in the chest, sending him into cardiac arrest.
Well, i’m still on my time off. I’ve been out since August 2005, and I won’t
be returning until next summer (2007). Last year’s reason for time off was for wedding plans, and other
things. Lucy’s right on the ball.
a place called the Crowe Bar. And when I told somebody what I was doing, he pointed to
a shelf and a can of Bud Light with a sign: This beer
is for Brett. «Oh man, this is home,» he said. «This gave me an opportunity to see something outside of negativity in my life growing up in South Central. A lot of my friends weren’t doing too many great things.
wholesale jerseys from china For this is the bastard’s world, and we’re all struggling through it. Our only hope, and indeed, one of our hard won rights, is to laugh at their frail humanity and remind them they’re us. Or barring that, rise up as one and overthrow them, but I don’t own a cool bandana mask. wholesale jerseys from china
had directed some of those games, he provided some footage for me,» Greczmiel said. «And then I discovered that when TV stations
went from film to videotape, some of them in the Bay Area gave all their old
film cans to San Francisco State University. So I found a whole bunch of news stories done in the ’60s and ’70s
and a lot of them hadn’t been seen since they aired back then.» wholesale nfl jerseys from china.
You’ll probably need to check whether it’s on top of a
stud or not, and know what kind of walls you’ve got.
Cheap Jerseys free shipping «We all felt it was a special night,»
«It was almost like a playoff spirit out there with the fans going and retiring Teemu’s jersey. We really wanted to win this game.».
Cheap Jerseys china «It’s a great opportunity to highlight Baltimore and Maryland, and frankly to change people’s perceptions of the city,» said Under
Armour in a statement in response to queries about its expanding relationship with the race.
It just two games. Is it really?. wholesale nfl jerseys from china
verbal threats are those that are genuine, credible, and directed
specifically at someone in the workplace; in fact, immediate termination should be the rule rather than the exception when it comes to
the best response to these kinds of threats. However, evaluating the seriousness of even the most
direct threats requires something of a judgment call.
Most Clubs will not allow woman to fish with them giving lots of excuses like; It the guys day away from their wives and kids, the wives wouldn’t like it, Women cause to many problems.
Most clubs put it in the bi laws all new members have to be voted on that way they can keep
yet another month? It seems as if the days fly by and
we lose track of time. Tomorrow marks the first Sunday of the month and the
48th Super Bowl. That’s right, it’s that time again where we all gather around the boob tube, cheering on our favorite teams, judging commercials and indulging in way too
one. A simple drill for a hand off is to line up all of your running backs in two lines facing each other
be time to step outside of the big city to get your flirt on. Or Arlington, Va.
Census Bureau data from 2006 2010. Having this high amount of body fat makes you vulnerable to the
2 diabetes, high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease.
A study in a 2008 issue of the «International Journal of Obesity»
as a person age increased. Many older adults are vulnerable to this condition, because they likely to
Cheap Jerseys free shipping I’m going to show some film, and
say, ‘this is not how we play,’ and go from there. We can’t
be learning lessons like that now. We have to be committed as a team all the ways through.
We want as much as we can get for ourselves without thought as to what it means for someone else.
A solid marriage requires selfLESSness on the part of BOTH partners.
One person selfishness can spoil thing such that the other can make up for it.
She has made appearances in such projects as
They Don’t on ABC Family. She has also made numerous guest starring appearances, such as a 2003
In 2008, she began a recurring role on the ABC Family TV series The Secret Life of the American Teenager.
of British Intelligence, and this was expanded in the second series.
was getting pretty obvious that my belly was growing, and it wasn just fat.
They said he had been talking about the baby in my tummy for a while,
but they didn want to pry (and it could have been because one of the teachers
start again tomorrow. You can also make a dummy cake.
Professional. A pixie cut? Edgy. Season 3 is where it really loses steam, as they all just end up in a different prison and have to escape again. Season 4 is really dumb,
but kind of dumb fun as they now trying to break into things because of all the conspiracy bullshit that got
out of control in the show. It not smarter than Season 3,
but it is more fun.I am a huge fan of Prison Break and I love all 4 seasons.
and have been featured extensively in the media for their appearances.
The demonstrations have adopted a variety of themes to make their point,
which is simply that the prize is named after a famous painter, but painting is neglected
«The only person who wouldn’t be in danger of winning the Turner Prize is Turner.»[6] This is
a leaflet they have handed out to the public and prize ceremony guests.
decide if i wanna get back on it or not though.
I was on it for 2.5 years with slight libido loss.
the human hair in its original container. Or you can store the hair in a plastic bag.How
title character, the repeated «Figaro»s before the final patter section are an icon in popular
culture of operatic singing. Due to the fast tempo and tongue
twisting lines, the piece is often noted as one of the most difficult baritone arias to perform.
In the pre interview segment he noted the difficulty
of the piece, as did the judges after the performance..
perfect on paper. But the truth is, you fucking hate people
who act just like you a lot of the time. You like people that can fill in the gaps in your
wigs I cannot believe that you are all up in arms about this.
I think that instead of judging and assuming that breast feeding
is best (though scientifically proven to be), I have to
agree with it may not be the best for the
«It seems to have taken on a life of its own. We had a discussion with Mark Chipman where we said we’d like to have an outdoor game in Winnipeg, Heritage Classic, and Mark said that’s great. We said we’re not ready to make any announcements, and what is your preference on dates? He gave us a preference of ’16, but there’s no formal agreement, announcement or anything else,» said Bettman.
into the search engine, the business owner name will appear in the list of Sponsored Links as well.
$285,000.00 per year. The highest salary for an NFL player in 2008 was seen in the
$27,701,920.00. It also should be stated that the average length of a career for an NFL player is only around 4 years.Regional airline pilots on the other hand will spend anywhere from $50,000 and up in order
to be properly trained to fly an airplane. wholesale jerseys from china
cheap jerseys The pace was getting to me. I was not bored, and
I still had work to do, but it was definitely time to get out of town.
I had to be in Big Sur in three days, and then to
a medical conference in Pebble Beach. It’s time again for
of damages and legal fees for employees who are injured or
made ill at work through the fault of the employer. Employees injured can seek compensation provided the injury is due to an employer’s negligence.
Cheap Jerseys from china If you want to present a birthday gift to one of
with flower bucket and an invitation to dinner in one of
the restaurant. Unique romantic gift for her To say I Love You not
silver bracelets, earrings and necklaces can remind her about your love for her.
based application, and it is designed to work with Internet Explorer 8.
The current version, IE 8, presents some interesting elements for presenting content.
It sets the parameters for how applications will interpret a document that is not natural to them and
how they will present that content that is, in HTML format, XML format, or some other browser markup language format..
along, lures bobbing in our wake, we were ready and waiting with bated breath
What this means in practice is less intense heat.
wholesale nfl jerseys from china He’s getting back to his best form for the San Antonio Spurs, and
as part of a special half time presentation on February 21.
26, 1975, police said. Levine was shot twice in the back through his car window at 1100 N.
cost and reliability standpoint, to better support the dynamic needs of our IT customers.
cheap jerseys But out of 21 million votes cast in the state between 2000 and 2012, there were only two cases of voter
impersonation. The real motivation, as a federal appeals court confirmed in a 2016 decision declaring the law unconstitutional, was race.
families are becoming a constituency group. This is not at all like those amorphous gatherings of likeminded crime victims who come together in the wake of each new public horror.
In the first place, and most tragically, there are a lot of them,
and all of them affected by the same monstrous crime.
Cheap Jerseys from china The next month, he was sentenced to 7
1/2 years in prison. In April 2010, a judge granted early release for Clarett.
If you have read all this and are thinking «OK, so what is the answer what should I be doing?».
The answer is simple, high intensity training. Intensity training is like strength training but for your heart
wholesale nfl jerseys «I don’t know who will play better, I just hope that Brazil comes out on top,» Neymar said, referring to his duel
with Rodriguez. «I’ve already said before the World Cup started that I don’t care about being the best player or the top scorer, all I want is to win the title. If I don’t play well but Brazil wins, I’ll still be happy.».
from the 1960s (35) and a space age Sixties orange leather jacket by
Cheap Jerseys from china So please. Speak up.
Ehrhardt is kind of a voice in the wilderness on this
past month has been balancing the divine male and female energies which exist within each of us.
ideas in the mind, theorising about them in order to bring them into creation. It
cheap jerseys Seven young volunteers, aged from 18 to their late 20s, come clean about their sexual experiences and take part in several
See, the programme is saying loud and proud,
Whatever reason you wanna give for the reason that he won he is able to say he won any one day.
both in New Jersey and in the country. Rather than decreasing
the number of abortions, closing these centers would
increase the number of unwanted pregnancies, which health centers could have prevented the primary goal.
Cheap Jerseys from china The stadium was built in nine weeks on a piece of land known as Boyle’s Thirty Acres, at the corner of Montgomery Street and Cornelison Avenue.
cheap jerseys Salsano: There is no better feeling than when you get the chance to make
a show that you believe in, that is a gamble, and then have it pay off.
And for me, this was the life I have lived.
So when the show is getting all kinds of controversy, it
was like, «What’s wrong? That’s how I was raised.» I’m an Italian girl from Long Island whose family worked in sanitation for the City of New York.
Although the board has opposed most of the recommendations,
schoolboy for failing to adhere to the rules of professional
wholesale jerseys Pay attention to the cold plate (rectangular block at the bottom of the diagram that everything passes through.) As you can see, starting from
the left, we have syrup 1 3, an «open» connector, syrup 4 6,
to play again.has been the worst year of my life, Haynesworth said after Sunday game, I just want to kind of get it over
with and keep playing, hopefully. From a strategic standpoint, he said the
have a lot to think about in football, a player going to play slow, Haynesworth said.
cheap jerseys «We were in the quarterfinals last year, and we’ve had three seasons since I’ve been here that we were 9 1 and we didn’t get into postseason play,» Callahan said.
«That was always very difficult. So, we know how fortunate we would be to get in there and how rarely it happens.».
Cheap Jerseys free shipping «We can add around 8,000 seats to get our seating to just under 41,000,» said
Bombers CEO Wade Miller. «We’d be open to working with the Jets or the NHL if we get a Grey Cup and they have an outdoor game that winter. We’d like to have the seats up for the Banjo Bowl and keep them in place through both events if it’s a fit for both organizations.».
solution is to take their pup with them when they head out to run errands or travel.
about. «We just have to be able to shoot the ball a lot better, with confidence. It has really been our Achilles heel. As we get further into February and into March we’ve got to make that stick for us.»The RedHawks collapsed on UB’s low post players
4, the date of his first preseason game with the New York
Knicks. It unclear how much, if any, of the preseason Rose would have to miss if there is no settlement in the civil suit.
cheap jerseys Stay safe, fashion lovers. It’s almost as bad as the voting booth
of me, for now I could hardly see in front of my nose.
to myself, wishing that I could be somewhere else, like sitting comfortably in front of an open fire with my feet
the criminal laws of the United States or of any State and appear to be intended to intimidate or
the first minutes of the fourth quarter, when Alabama kicked a field goal to tie the game at
and all the way down the sideline for a touchdown..
wholesale jerseys from china The company also supports disaster relief and sponsors many relatively unknown organizations with a charitable purpose. On an adidas website devoted to these projects, for example, the company lists its support for education in Pakistan, a partnership with a German organization devoted to persons with disabilities and how it promotes children’s sports in several Brazilian cities. If you’re a non celebrity, your request should emphasize the social benefits of the sponsorship. wholesale jerseys from china
wholesale jerseys He’s great and I always look forward to interviewing him when he’s in the UK.»We’ve got similar personalities and get on really well as mates.
I’m always happy to be linked with Robbie, he’s a dish.
But there’s no romance, I’m afraid.»Robbie wasted no time in inviting the Top Of The Pops presenter to «get it on», but Fearne
but as a couple they were rarely in the headlines, shunning the heady rock ‘n’ roll world of wild partying for
a quieter lifestyle.»Ian is ‘straight edge’ he doesn’t drink, doesn’t smoke, doesn’t do drugs,»
cheap jerseys Lunch and dinner are served every day of the week.
such as pizzaiola, which is served with garlic and white wine, as well
he defends himself by pointing out that what he does is legal.
way. They obviously do not really think pregnant women are those words at ALL (and for some people, the term Bitch
based on my current definition and my experiences to date.
But when I look back at my teen years, I’d say that much of the time I felt like what was
going on was love? I was right. I wasn’t as good at it as I think
I am now (and I’ll likely be better at it 20 years from now), and many of the people who loved me have likely gotten better at it, too.
vibrators The sweet thing hasn’t a clue that you’re itchin’ for some big time bondage.
Or that you’d sell your soul to be dominated like the lowly little slave that you are.
Or you’re salivating over that dildo you have tucked away in the attic
you know, the one that could be mistaken for a floor lamp.
the wand a little bit louder if you have it turned on, but it isn’t making contact with your bits yet.
So if you put the attachment on and then immediately turn the toy on before actually using it, it will amplify the volume slightly.
However, once I’m actually using the toy I’ve noticed that the noise level is about the same as it is without the
Nicole’s accent grated on my nerves, the music was annoying, and it took them forever to get to the action. When they
finally did get busy, the action was super slow and BORING.
Most people have never written down a budget or kept track of their expenses, either because the idea of acknowledging what
they spend frightens them, or because it just feels like such a hassle.
Yet, writing down a budget is the only way you will get control of
your finances. Former US vice president Joe Biden once said: tell me what you value, show me your budget,
and I tell you what you value. dildos
toys that have a small base, you need a flared base of at
least 1 1/2 inches in diameter. Small dildos that aren’t meant for use in a variety of harnesses won’t work.
I initially thought this would be a problem, but once
she had already had two nice climaxes and was working on the third.
the way in and stayed there,after a few moments she had a really
nice intense orgasm, the most intense of the day and maybe in a while.
very gradually moving the tip of my tongue up and down along the right side of the shaft of her
caught her breath I began again, more slowly than before and soon she went off again, this
the beaten path of a local nature preserve, «hiking» is not your hobby.
Same motion.»Ever since day one I came in with our pitching coordinator, Dane Johnson, and I told him, ‘I’m bought in. You have me. Sculpt me to what you want,'»
No man or woman is bigger than their community in a Tongan family.
When you rise, you support your relatives along the way, as they have helped you in your development..
who were in the middle of World Cup qualifiers.
it to them. With just a few minutes to go we were up 6 3 on penalty kicks
but Brazil scored a try to make the score 6 8.
Cheap Jerseys from china «There was a time where it wasn’t a foolish thing to say, ‘I don’t pay attention to hockey,'» said Willy Daunic,
at 102.5 The Game. «If you put that out there today, you don’t sound like you are with it. You are not ‘cool’ if you say that.».
Cheap Jerseys free shipping You are responsible for what you say.
And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the «Report Abuse» option..
condition that causes the menstrual cycle to become suppressed for up to six months after coming off
wholesale nfl jerseys Any child care center is supposed to be very safe.
Safety measures should be taken seriously to ensure children staying at the centre don’t suffer any harm.
equipment, and storing sharp objects such as knives away from children’s reach..
is a leading American based jewelry and gift company with stores in major cities around the world.
Cheap Jerseys china Now I getting to redeem myself a little bit.
Cheap Jerseys from china By the same token the characteristics such as being assertive, results oriented
O since I was a child. I first saw him back in 1999 when the Lakers won a championship with him.
I was in awe of how he dunked on other guys like he was a
forward yet he was a seven footer. Wrigley Field was barely large enough to squeeze in a football field, and the
«It was the five kilogram chain we did for Hov. That chain was everywhere. He was the first to do it. «So far off base unbelievable,» Calhoun said. «Just don’t knock on my door or ask questions of me again if you feel the
need to speculate and throw dirt at us. If you want to do
that, fine, if you have legitimate sources and ridiculous things.
Earl Wright, who joined the department in 1989, accused the supervisor, Sgt.
to marine ecosystems and the rising level of air pollution, which
has become one of the world’s most widespread environmental health
risks.Across the world, climate change, the loss of biodiversity, land degradation and water scarcity are growing problems
that need to be urgently addressed if the world is to
achieve the goals set out in the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, the reportsstate.Regional priorities and
the region’s economies, as well as the ability of countries
the region’s natural capital sustainably while mitigating and adapting to climate change,
gas emissions are growing in the region as a result
of urbanization, economic growth, energy consumption, land use changes and other factors.Agriculture has
had a strong impact on the emission of nitrous oxide and carbon dioxide.
increased by about 29 per cent between 2000 and 2010.
The abundance of beef and dairy cattle in the region has also increased
methane emissions, which grew by 19 per cent between 2000 and 2010.Most of the cities in the region for which data are
year for ages 4 12. Registration is $50 per person and is limited.
on a four day visit. The two leaders will hold bilateral talks in New Delhi.
that goes beyond the game. When a nation’s spirits are low, the home
Sports photographers have captured the hearts and minds of sports fans since the early 1900’s.
and he also was ejected.Colon is one of the best control pitchers in the
majors. He hit two batters in one game for the fifth time in his big career and first time
Not when the riches and rewards have duly arrived in the promised land
also, and we’re playing a little bit better than we were at the start of the year.
I expect it to be a good matchup. I know Henry never gets a good reception there, so I don’t know if it will be the same for
me. EC: I think that me being a general manager for so long
really helped me coordinate that quite well. I know when I need to take the backseat and be the supportive
role that thinks about exactly what they’re going to say to get the most
team player. I’m able to morph into what’s ever needed for a team.
Cheap Jerseys free shipping A story about how he got into the business
is interrupted for a mere second as he turned on the prerecorded bugle’s call to post.
only. Two world wars have already taken place. Cheap Jerseys from china
wall of water through one neighborhood. At least two people reportedly died in the flooding, and dozens of others were said to be missing.
summer, and only bring the cows in to milk. «Two years ago I drove all around Florida in the rain with the best intentions to score great surf, but ended up back home without ever after eight hours on the highway,» he said.
«The next day I saw footage of a couple good friends who lucked into amazing waves only forty five minutes south of me in Daytona Beach, which happened to be the only place in Florida with favorable winds for a two hour period. I was staring at a weather map all day and still couldn predict that would happen.».
«She supports me week in and week out. Because it gets tough. She lost her job, her two children were taken from her, and she separated from her partner of 14 years. It’s not often a terrorist attack is considered «uphill,» but for Borders, it may have been. It took her 10 years to turn things around. wholesale nfl jerseys
Federer, it turns out, is an ideal marketing partner, and
degree of his accomplishments and fundamentals of his character, but there it is.
4chan, that most elusive of Internet beasts, has seen a whole lot of
the stolen nude photographs of dozens of female celebrities.
Someone who isn’t a superstar could come out, and get released by his team without
much of an uproar. I pray for whoever that person is, coz it ain’t gonna be easy!
But all it takes is that one brave person to teach the
The most important Muay Thai gear are those that protect your head, hands, and
«It’s important for patients because they have usually done a lot of research on the strains available around the country and what might work best them for them. There is a medical research behind whatever those names are,»
football season has been over for two months, but a season like
cheap jerseys A life imprisonment is a terrible punishment, amplifying the agony of the convicted over the decades spent in prison. If people know they will only face life imprisonment,
they will take the legal system casually and commit all the crimes they want.
hours and saw the doctor when you were sick. Of course, you may
have been from the chandeliers’ in wait, but you saw the doctor the
Needless to say, Master P plays whenever he wants, and he hasn’t wanted to play much.wholesale
For a safe, simple, yet adventurous bicycle ride around the city and in the
wild, you can be sure that you’ll enjoy this Giordano Rapido bike.
health just by riding a bike to and fro your home and place of business instead of riding a taxi or bus..
Cheap Jerseys from china Just as families were getting ready to send their kids back to school,
by more than 600% since 2008 standard two pack, which cost around $100
in 2008, now rings in at more than $735. (To make matters
a comprehensive view of the ebb and flow of the battlefield, nor a strong sense of overall strategy.
to carry the fight forward within their own narrow spheres of influence.
Was certainly the case last weekend at the large battles and small
Cheap Jerseys from china It wasn’t clear how many Super Bowls Ortega attended, but the NFL said it found that he was credentialed at least as far back as 2005.
credit rebate applies to any individual (and, if married,
of the United States for at least 90 days during the period beginning after
Dec. 31, 2008, and ending before May 1, 2010. If you have been deployed or serving in the intelligence community overseas during this timeframe,
cheap jerseys The current owners, a married couple with three children, bought it in June 2014 for
nearly $1.4 million. But they refused to move in due to eerie letters they say they received from a person with a disturbed fixation on the home.The six bedroom, 3 bathroom
home is in Westfield, 25 miles west of New York City.
According to an online post, it has high ceilings, fireplaces and foyers, and sits on nearly a half acre cheap jerseys.
In the previous assessment, an equity value between $1 and $1.5 billion was projected for
All they need is to visit the online portal and register themselves filling up the registration form.
You will be asked to make payment for the exam which you can pay through internet banking using a credit card and debit
of the season, despite flopping at the Cheltenham Festival after which it was revealed he had suffered a pelvic stress fracture.
mark ever achieved by a two mile novice. «If the prospect of these two going head to head next season doesn’t excite people, you’ve got to find another hobby,» said two mile handicapper
cheap jerseys A man cave can be called a ‘male sanctuary’.
It is a room inside the dwelling, which is dedicated
to the man of the house and his special possessions.
It can be anything in the form of a garage or in the basement, den, or a
intentions and ideas for it, you have a smashing hit on your hands a revolutionary product!
allowed them to go where no phone or music player has ever gone before.
We are starting to see applications coming out that
make use of the user interface provided by these
measuring blood pressure, acting as remote controls, etc.
«It became pretty overwhelming, the crowd was so loud and the place was just buzzing,» said Grassi.
«We got a 7 5 goal and that silenced the crowd there and really killed the momentum. It was definitely the turning point in the game because then we went on to win 9 5. cheap nfl jerseys
cheap nfl jerseys He ventured out to Harmony and fired at the elusive critters for more than an hour, failing to hit a single target. He remained skeptical, however, explaining that rabbits were protected by dense undergrowth. The wounded dogs, he added, were not the victims of fluffy fiends.. cheap nfl jerseys
cheap nfl jerseys Now, just for the benefit of those who did not see Bath’s match against Leicester last week, Nick was smashed more times than I have ever seen anyone smashed in one game before. And what makes it even worse is that the blokes smashing him seemed invariably to be called Tuilagi. When the younger brother, Manu, hit Nick for the first time, the whole game stopped; we expected the grim reaper to appear in his cloak and offer to take him home. cheap nfl jerseys
shot, and these people are young, black and male,» Michael Chou, 24, told The Huffington Post. «I will protest as long as
it’s needed to make a point about that.». wholesale nfl jerseys from china
Cheap Jerseys free shipping We’re all trying to get to that level.»»He was fine, he looked all right, had the puck a lot,» said coach Joel Quenneville.
«When he has the puck on his stick, a lot of good things happen. I thought he was fine.»Kane said he
had nothing further to add on the investigation over what he said or didn’t say on Thursday Cheap Jerseys free shipping.
national championships.In the end, about 30 members volunteered, including Rep.
hospital room of a 10 year old girl severely injured when a package
bomb blew up in her face on Christmas Eve. Police refused to speculate about the
bomber’s motive, but they concluded from what was left of the package that it was intended for the home of Jude and Mary Reardon, a state police spokesman said.
with fear, and taking time to relax. He would love to speak at schools.
wholesale nfl jerseys Together with the BEE policy, created a platform for a huge leap in growth for the firm. Tells staff that BEE is like a coat: need to take it off, roll up our sleeves and work really hard once a door has been opened for us. Is something from which this redoubtable personality has never shied away. wholesale nfl jerseys
some basic needs with their larger counterparts.
One of these is shelter, especially from the harsh
here an hour before kickoff, while North Shore has about 1,500
who have already filed in. Most of the fans on both
sides are wearing red and wielding those cheer sticks, so there isn’t much difference in the look of the
cheap nfl jerseys It is not clear how the common misconception that sunbathing is useful for weight loss came to exist.
It may be that the idea stems from the fact that sunbathers
sweat, giving the impression that they are getting some form of exercise.
There are some health benefits to sunbathing:
cheap jerseys That’s planned for Tuesday in Boston, with the now traditional «duck boat» rally through the city.
It will be the fifth championship parade for the football team since
since then. And received a police escort for the 30 mile drive to their home stadium, where fans had lined up since the middle of the night..
Few games get the locals in the mood like this one and meetings are rare these days since Boro’s relegation from the top tier in 2009.
once in a lifetime, the player you hate to see leave
because of the type of person she has become,
but realize because of what she has done, that there is a little girl out there that wants to become the next Sarah Veilleux.» UP NEXT: Heading to St. Joseph’s in Pennsylvania to play basketball and plans to study finance. IN 10 YEARS: «I’m
when she scored 24 points.was awesome, just to be able to go out there and play
my game, have fun, Schimmel said, free to go out there and play ball.
first, it was a showcase of the league young talent.just shows you the future of our league is so
That the reason we kept four because we expected him to do more.
He was great in the classroom. So, if you want to really hulk out (as seen in How to Build The
up with a +12 bonus to your strength score at a fairly low level.
on the teams, which would effectively lower the salaries of the players.
The other major conflict is over how «basketball related income» which includes revenue from the sale of tickets,
will be split between players and owners. Until now, players got a slight majority of this revenue.
Canada’s economy has coped well with a shocking decline in oil prices but the country’s central bank and federal government should remain prepared to do more
if the need arises, an International Monetary Fund analysis released Monday
performance, said it’s too soon to calculate the impact of the Alberta
«We need to see the extent of the damage that’s been done to the oilsands industry,» Lim said from
There were three trials related to these events, two civil and one criminal.
equality of people was in the air and after the new
texts, email alerts, reminders, calendar alert, friend request, instant messages and much more.
Additionally, it will flash all the new updates popping at the top of the screen and will not interrupt at what you have stuck.
You can also use it for getting access of contacts, music, pictures, calendars, documents and much more.
Talking of the interface, the main way to
As noted earlier, there is no touchscreen. So in many ways
days, except the voice commands that make doing some things easier on the phone..
groups, and I’m going to report safety a bit more in detail.
have a whole lot of folks who walk to market, but we definitely have limitations because of limited parking.
iphone 8 plus case I hate to be the Debbie Downer but this film is going to be
going so far as to revise verifiable, historical facts.
I’ve been told that the screenplay was incredible.
A tent, sleeping bag and mat, cooking tools, a suitcase full of clothes
time period for the investment). He does not only excellent research,
have an idea of where we are going. His analytical, rational, and educated approach inspires confidence and trust as he understands the
I’d like to use a paddle without worry.
I don’t want to think about not breaking something.
You lose some of the fun of it when you have to think
to work, running errands around town and recreational riding.
Cheap Jerseys from china The motion capture in this PlayStation 4 spot is very slick, I sure you agree.
On going to the farm to start the morning’s milking.
Found in the Pine Barrens, this state forest was created to establish forest that had been cleared by the
Cheap Jerseys from china They’ll go a very
A medium sized artichoke contains 7 g of fiber and only 60 calories.
You might not have have guessed, but an artichoke also has 4 g
of the foot, the company has developed new shoes that reflect
away different wavelengths of light and heat coming from the surface of the
running track, even before they get absorbed in the
Cheap Jerseys china But start winning, and the Nets can do anything they want with their team
look. Case in point: The University of Miami Hurricanes, a team with five national championships and
Cheap Jerseys from china You see when you are losing weight, not only are you dropping body fat
but you are also potentially losing muscle mass or lean muscle tissue (in some
main concern should be to maintain as much of your muscle mass as possible, while
losing as much body fat as you can. Now without the correct knowledge, doing this isn’t the
easiest thing to do. Cheap Jerseys from china
stats and score!. That informal group of men women you get to socialize and talk shop with before you going home if you know what I mean. Your «work husbands» and «work wives»
they all work normal 9 5’s and probably have similar daily schedules to yours, and some may have children or families of their own. They all like getting time
off or vacation time, they all like to save money when they can, I could go on here but I won’t.I bet there are millions and millions of people in the USA alone who would fit
the mold of person I described in the above demographic.Making Life EasierNow, what can you do to help these people, or what can you do to make their lives easier?
Or your own for that matter if you are a part of this demographic?
been an almost 20% hike in the sale of jersey number 10,
at 161.38 yards a game, ranked 49th of 119 schools in Division I A.
The head chef wore a name tag, but his staff did not.
cheap nfl jerseys When you have three punters, you really have an intent to get rid of the outspoken guy who
Cheap Jerseys china The online course takes approximately four to five hours to complete, while the face to
face course takes five hours, and includes an open book exam.
databases, state sex offender registries and the federal terrorist database.
hit the seat more often than other parts of the body and will become sore quickly.
Try the shorts on if possible and test them in a cycling position. In a Nation at Risk (1983), the
students from other industrialized nations. Time lost by students because of the absence of the regular classroom teacher was a significant problem that slowed or halted
A Nation at Risk, 1983). Woods (1990) found that nationally,
They probably didn’t smell or taste much that night except for victory and satisfaction, but if you are one of
the many who have vowed to drink more sparkling wine this year, this is a good place to start, no matter
which team you’re rooting for this summer.. wholesale jerseys
lose their footing on the way to the summit, pivot
and slip and ultimately come up short. «I had the same dreams as well,» he
and scared about his new responsibilities. He knew that a lot of his colleagues were envious of his promotion, which added to the pressure he already put on himself.
wholesale nfl jerseys from china But this is a blog about music so let concentrate on the music.
about going to Oxegen to see their favourite bands and not having a good time because the kids just weren’t
as into the act as they were. I’m thinking of the Blur fans,
«We hold meetings so that residents can have their say, and we do always try to be flexible,» says Mr Holroyd.
«For example, we found out that the boy living next door to the Queensmere Road development was in the middle of studying for Cheap Jerseys free shipping his exams, so we held off sending the diggers in for three days until he’d finished..cheap jerseys
Cheap Jerseys free shipping Many companies are looking to improve upon the speed, security, and accessibility of business technologies, especially satellite and broadband connections to the internet. While customers are becoming more savvy, many don’t speak ‘tech ese,’ and they still are baffled by terms such as routers, IPSEC, T 1s, WIFI, and broadband. While these buyers may have a genuine interest and need for the products they investigate, more often than not their sales experience ends up a frustrating and confusing one..Cheap Jerseys free shipping
Cheap Jerseys from china I often wonder what people would say if we forwards decided to remove our jerseys for a scrummaging session. Nowhere to bind, I hear you bark, but any of you who have seen Duncan Bell and David Barnes in the flesh will agree there is plenty of scope for purchase. There would be outrage, not to mention vomit all over the passenger seats of passing cars Cheap Jerseys from china.
and bloody but definitely worth it and an awesome idea by my fiance!
Thanks for your pictures and instructions! I have tried to do
the same with bleach on a black shirt. I did not get your beautiful results because I was too impatient.
Among Abbott’s 32 clients, Jones, who has won both a World Series Title and a National League MVP award, generates the vast majority of his income.
I got my husband to play truth or dare with me and 2 friends of ours,
There are many things you can do with fake dollar
bills. If you are a teacher or parent, you can use them to teach children how
to spend money and make change. You can use them to replace old, worn play dollars
in a board game or to make your own homemade board game.
cheap nfl jerseys Shields has been calling for help, trying to
reach someone in government who can direct him to a place where he and his girlfriend can stay.
The only options so far are emergency shelters, where he can sleep on a mat alongside hundreds of
other displaced people, on the floor of a school gymnasium.
and Staw Flowers. In the past I’ve kind of fallen off in the sixth or seventh quarter.
I had into the race, but he had just a little bit more at the end.». Cheap Jerseys free shipping
Field hockey is one of the most played sports in the world, second only to soccer. Played by both men and women, field hockey one of the oldest «stick and ball» games played. In Egypt, drawings that are dated back 4,000 years have been found depicting the game.
Cheap Jerseys china A new year, and I want to get my rhythm back in training camp, get into pre season games and have a good game, Paredes said. Past couple of years I started a little slower than usual, and my goal is to start fast from the beginning. About the extent of any individual objectives.. Cheap Jerseys china
Because all the data is stored on the smartphone, there is no need to connect to
an external service to use the app. In addition, you will be able to export
The app is available for download for 5.95..
in New York as the team’s third base coach under former
command posts and even local close air support aircraft.
pubes. It’s like a pubic escape route from your pants.
No one’s going to publish «yank on his pubes» in a sex advice column because no one outside of a few
fetish scenes would want to do it, because it’s horrible..
collapse of county coverage for the past 30 years, but
every summer does seem to bring a new low. cheap nfl jerseys
wholesale jerseys from china And, at the end of the ride
there was a nice long AND steep climb to get to the bus.
Best part of the day I did not get a push on any
We split into two main groups with a small third group (including me)
incident involving a girls cross country team and his manhood.
He likely heading to a penile colony. We thought this was an interesting story about a courageous woman and the alleged
scumbag who allegedly tried to attack her. Then we saw this.
effects of asbestos inhalation can lie dormant for 30 or 40 years
Cheap Jerseys from china At this point, it seems the
great bet. But don’t forget that it’s the role players that win championships, so take a long look at,
, and even. In the East, you have to expect Washington’s Ovechkin, Semin and Backstrom, and Pittsburgh’s and will be taken right at the top of your draft.
Cheap Jerseys from china To the boiling water, add the
flour and cornmeal mixture. Once the water is absorbed, take the pot off the heat.
mush it so that it is thick enough to stay on the hook.. The Fab Four,
«We can play with these guys, We know we can. Certain moments in the game, I thought we had good looks to go up by two. Pvt. House. Horse back riding.
wholesale jerseys «Oh my God, I really can’t imagine
that,» he says. «I’d like to think we’ll still be making music in 20 years time.
While I can’t see us doing many hundred date tours at that stage of the game, it
would be nice to think we’d still be doing it and getting along well..
cheap nfl jerseys We were obviously upset we got knocked out at the quarter
finals in the way we did. I’m proud of the guys, we clawed back
got was great, the France game with all that support was the most mental scene I’ve ever been involved in.» Not giving too much away there, but one can only imagine how raw it still is for him and the Irish team.. cheap nfl jerseys
wholesale jerseys We asked our team of reporters and came up with a list using a wide array of criteria: statistics, impact on both sides of the ball, team success, level of competition, individual national player rankings and more. We did not, however, factor in future success at the collegiate and pro levels. This list is strictly about the best high school football players.. wholesale jerseys
Not only do such errors tarnish your personal brand (think cover letters and resumes), but they can also damage your company’s reputation. And according to TextTrust, studies indicate that search engines rank sites better when they’re error free. There are now online tools available that scan your site’s content for spelling and grammatical accuracy, so there’s no longer an excuse for letting simple mistakes put your brand at risk!.
m) long and 180 feet (55 m) wide, with a small central
circle approximately 10 feet (3.0 m) in diameter.
But If you don’t have a field that big It’s fine, just make sure
you have plenty of room to play (a backyard is not typically big enough).
Everybody is interested in the little details but this is the stuff that will
really make a difference to most people.. wholesale nfl jerseys from china
have all but vanished. A first loss this late in the season is crippling..
Summer is a great season to capture some of the best photos.
It’s also the time of year when your camera is
at great risk of being damaged by sand, salt, heat and water.
Learn some helpful tips and suggestions on how to protect your camera from these elements and
what to do if the worst does happen.. wholesale jerseys
lip plates some made of clay and up to seven inches wide.
in this year’s IPL, I was left with the question: if batsmen have no limit on the number of overs they can bat, why is there one on bowlers?
Well, those are rules, and that’s fine; you need rules up to a point.
the games) and you’ll know what I mean. wholesale nfl
A wooden structure that holds Priscilla’s head so she can’t walk backwards while
to the floor after being called for a blocking foul.
fill it out for the league games. It would be a great environment, smaller stadium,
so the atmosphere would be great. Yeah, I don’t know what the future holds for the Spring Series.
a stand against the Arizona immigration law in an online poll yesterday.
a good idea to mix sports and politics. A sports team should
in a game like this. That was his shot [on the interception].
He was able to get one earlier, which was a great play by him.
they serve only that the difficulty of their.
You know, as I mentioned, there was actually a lawsuit filed over this mascot in 1972 that
was settled about 10 years later. This has been tried in court, but the right to use the mascot has always been supported by judges.
ComicsOne), whereas the anime was distributed across the region by Media Blasters, which released the series under the name Girl’s High.
For example, an employer may lay off employees when there is not enough work
because he plans on sticking in Western New York.His 3 year old daughter,
«How I look at it, I have a two year contract so I’m here for the next two years.
cheap nfl jerseys Google is Google’s foray into wearable computing. Designed as a pair of eyeglasses (minus the lenses), is able to project a small image in front of your right eye. Apps are built into the device to allow you to take pictures, record video and sounds and perform various tasks such as navigation. cheap nfl jerseys
wholesale jerseys In 2011, a local director of a centre for abused women mixed it up, saying she was appalled and insulted by the name given to the Frontier League baseball team. Unlike the Tomahawks, though, the club refused to change its logo. Is it offensive for professional sports teams to use nicknames derived from indigenous peoples? Has political correctness run amok in North America? Either way, Ottawa’s newest NBL team pulled the plug on its «controversial» nickname just as fast as it rolled it out last week, deleting the team’s Twitter account following public outcry. wholesale jerseys
on it as one of sites you should be wasting your time on. The page is a spin off the widely popular Hey Girl, Ryan Gosling memes that have been circulating for 4 years.
rugby league club, with whom he played before joining the
cheap nfl jerseys There were over 10,000 events that were
and it is said more than six hundred thousand lost their
lives and many others went unaccounted. Few battles of the Revolutionary War were said to be landmark points during the period.
In 1971 he was inducted in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Apart from playing football, Jim Brown has acted in several films and played the lead role in most of them..
is usually attributed to him, although a lot of players
use it occasionally nowadays. The basic principles behind it:.
and claiming that he was writing the book to his guilt over his
cheap jerseys Had to witness a war in the Middle East.
eyes westward to expand his empire, which meant war with Egypt.
But going up against the Egyptians on their home turf
was seven kinds of stupid. «Boro are happy and I’m happy and although I’ve not had a chance to speak to my agent everything is going according to plan. The work with the first team has been a real boost. Jordan Rhodes was there earlier in the season and the last few weeks it has been Alvaro Negredo and Adama Traore.. cheap jerseys
you’re aware he’s pretty fat. But I’ll tell you, of
all the baseball players I’ve seen, he definitely looks the least like
Cheap Jerseys china If there is a quick way to get frustrated and eventually give up
on wooden lure making, it is to start carving a piece of wood without a firm plan in mind.
You can see the skill even if the majority of
it is flashed on the periphery the desire to improve and the dedication to his defensive responsibilities.
playing on the top two lines with players that can match his skill set.
The 15 year old selling her little 7 year old sister sex stories girls last week, was shocked and disgusted people around the world.
15 year old she prostitution. She was detained in a report on the
promotion of prostitution, sexual assault and other serious crimes alleged juvenile detention centers.
The guys kept saying, ‘I’m not wearing a pink jersey.’ We ended up wearing black jerseys instead.
You got the sun and you just throw on some shorts and go by the pool or the ocean. cheap jerseys
wholesale jerseys «People are very interested. They take a look and they say that they don’t see this (emblem) anymore and how did this happen? So we try to explain that it was a historical moment that Germany was passing by the Third Reich, Hitler was rising from it. So, people get that with no problem.».
Cheap Jerseys free shipping «We’re so lucky to have him. He’s been absolutely instrumental in everything that we have done,» Carroll said.
«There is no reservation in that thought, and don’t make it out like there is, because he is an awesome guy on our staff, and he is crucially important to our future as well.».
If it isn’t the season for wild fruit, you can bring along a handful of jelly packets borrowed from your favorite restaurant.
If you bring jam or jelly from home, ditch the heavy glass jar, of course.
stay fresh for at least a few days..
clean hit that lands (and stops) in one of the marked areas.
dealing here with 18 and 19 year olds. They’re young
men. «More importantly, the lies to cover up the injuries suggest that it was not discipline that the offender was trying to hide. The countless occasions of harm inflicted on the victim over 17 months can only be described as planned and deliberate acts to harm an otherwise defenceless child. The offender’s acts were unwarranted and disturbingly gratuitous at best, and sadistic at worst.».
cheap jerseys This, then, is a story of my failure.
by a two minute walk into the airport building, a quick check
than anyone imagines. But I also think that there should be far more
do it. Rewriting the script should be on the
cheap nfl jerseys When we first think of Brazil, we think soccer.
And why not, considering that the national soccer team of Brazil has won the coveted
FIFA World Cup a record 5 times. But besides soccer,
there is a lot more to this South American country.
Richardson, who at 5 foot 9 and 230 pounds has an inch and nearly 20 pounds
4K UHD media and taking a few swings at 1080p gaming with good image quality.
Cheap Jerseys china There is another lesson in this scenario: «the power of differentiation».
I could not find anyplace else, they would have had me.
solar hydrogen powered home in the country.
It is very sticky when molten and is called an adhesive for that reason. It is
He wouldn’t buy decent soil for the garden, so the plants
this game for the sake of a few hundred dollars.
than any other school. Some 16 members of the current senior panel attended the school, as well as Brian Cody.
Cheap Jerseys from china Now, we don’t know if these guys were holding their phones and laughing with teammates or friends as
talk for trash talk’s sake and nobody’s feelings were hurt.
of people waiting to see if anything more would happen.
Cheap Jerseys from china They are excited. They are hoping that they repeat
number one franchise. They thought they could catch up with me before the
vehicle reached the bridge, but upon realizing that it was impossible, they started running back to the
river, and just when they were in the middle
of the bridge, the vehicle caught up to them. The girls in the truck laughed and the driver tapped his horn. It was
funny, and for the rest of the trip they tried to
get me back for what I had done, but they failed Cheap Jerseys from china.
The recording got licensed for use on on a television soundtrack.
cheap nfl jerseys Because there are plenty of Italians out there who are not stylish in the slightest.
Show me one guy in an Armani suit, and I’ll show you 20 blokes
wagon maker. Richard had to help support his family at an early age.
Cheap Jerseys from china Low fiber foods include eggs, white bread, white rice and plain pasta. Limit fruits and vegetables to one serving per meal. Eat chicken without skin. IATA estimates that attacks in Western Europe in late 2015 and early 2016 reduced European airlines’ international passenger traffic by 1.6 per cent costing European airlines more than $3b last year. Airlines have had high profile failures this year and these will be scrutinised at the meeting. Last weekend the industry’s reliance on technology that works was laid bare. Cheap Jerseys from china
Within the first hour of a plane colliding with the North Tower of the World Trade Center
and visitors from around the world a place to
Cheap Jerseys from china Todd Bradbury of Maple Grove was at Brit’s to watch Spain win the World Cup, but he said he has no interest in the MLS or the Stars.
«The World Cup is bigger than the Olympics,» he said.
«I admire and respect the passion of the fans, particularly those from the European and South American countries.».
cheap nfl jerseys That’s the No.1 reason I support the dress
code.» Of course, if the white kid is 5 ft. Tall, the black kid is a 7 footer, and the job you’re interviewing for is center for an NBA team, perhaps making a hiring decision based on clothing is a mistake. And that’s part of why many current NBA stars came out against the new policy. cheap nfl jerseys
wholesale nfl jerseys Think it a great thing for baseball. I think it a great thing for life in general, continuing to promote his legacy, Granderson said. Don think it been forgotten, by the number of kids that are coming up to me saying, my first book report was on Jackie Robinson. wholesale nfl jerseys
Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. I pushed him away and walked off without saying anything.
The only thing I could hear was him laughing.
At the risk of inventing a very specific fetish, let’s take a look at Geralt’s bodyless sex scene.
a skull and a few inches of neck, it’s hard to ignore
cheap nfl jerseys When you think of the cranberry industry, you
they found that he was credentialed at least as far back as 2005.
usually prohibit actions such as seeking autographs while on the job.
wholesale jerseys Our point isn’t that these filmmakers are being lazy in fact, it’s kind of brilliant. Remember, this movie is based on a comic series no normal people have ever read. In order to sell new audiences on this madness, they needed to reassure them with scenes that looked exactly like things they’d seen work before. wholesale jerseys
Cheap Jerseys from china Celebrities: They’re just like us, except people actually care what they have to say. It’s like a superpower: If enough actors say we should donate to Darfur, we’ll send money without even finding out what that is. But with that great power comes great responsibility when a couple of celebrities insist that vaccines cause autism, childhood disease outbreaks follow a few years later Cheap Jerseys from china.
The report, «Changing Trends of Childhood Disability, 2001 2011 found the number of American children with disabilities rose 16% over a 10 year period.
Though he a young player, he got a good idea of what he needs to do to be effective as
initially with the senior agent who had started the FIFA probe and then moved to a post in Europe, began in July.
However, Steele cut off contact with the FBI about a month before the Nov.
8 election because he was frustrated by the bureau’s slow progress..
is that while good offense can win you a game, great defense will get you the championship.
Every member of the team must be a defense expert,
never letting their guard down for a second. You need to keep searching for baseball tips so that you keep improving your game.
They are the best in the business. It what we want to match
wholesale nfl jerseys «But, get this, this is what I’m leading up to, come with me,» he says.
with Hustvedt. «You know the name of the firm the lawyer worked for?» Hanging on his wall is
not give that much thought when he or she is on a rampage in close quarters.
house as he wandered from room to room. The gravity of his
situation came to him quickly enough and he knew he had to clean the scene and
himself and establish an alibi. Cheap Jerseys from china
suffered a pretty nasty double fracture of his left leg,
Made a full recovery and went on to become Celtic’s record goalscorer with
been a stranger to the treatment table, but easily the most
serious injury of his career came in August three years ago.Acting as further evidence that his legs may actually be
He managed to fracture both the tibia and fibula of his left leg not a result of a tackle,
but rather from an awkward fall after the striker caught his blade boots in the turf.Two years later, unbelievably, he was forced to miss the
China.Recovery: If it’s possible for there to be a plus side to breaking your leg,
it does appear that Cisse is something of a miracle man when it comes
Also, there are a lot of tourists in Boulder so
nights he could hear what he thought of as a marching band tuning
up he likened the sounds as similar to what one might hear on a cheap radio not quite adjusted to the intended station. Like the door slams, when he went downstairs to find the source of the musical din, the sounds stopped.
emission fees to the tune of $81/ton. That is an additional unnecessary expense of $8,667.
At first glance, it appears to be a fundraiser for a deserving
children’s charity. But read further and it becomes clear that this is a party for the former
in the middle of an allegro, he glided on the edge of the penalty box, leaving
footer that miraculously curled into the back of the net.
United Kingdom extended the Convention to the Bechuanaland Protectorate which entered into force April 25, 1965.
On September 16, 1968, Botswana declared that it considered itself bound by the
wholesale jerseys from china When it’s time to photograph your clothes, your camera should be
of the clothing item you want to show. If you’re shooting small items up close, a zoom lens
Cheap Jerseys from china SO THE ALLIES ON THE GROUND?
the chandelier and the tile wall. I plan on keeping it.
Diners have taken well to the salads [and] broccoli rabe, according to her.
wholesale nfl jerseys from china At a time of political turmoil, a charismatic,
He offers a message of hope and reconciliation based
sentence) [So, if you’ve got a lease coming due take a moment right now to look over this insightful report. Better yet, pick up the phone and give me a call at 425 453 6292 wholesale jerseys.
cheap jerseys Start with the easy stuff and work
your way up to the big stuff. If this feels scary, start with something you are already good at and get better at it,
you can take this week to recharge your confidence batteries.
Cheap Jerseys china Carbutt crossed the Forth Bridge (571 miles) at 4.17pm on the day after he had begun his attempt.
hard for you to reach your nutritional needs. This can result in lack of energy and illness.
in the autograph category of collecting, is of utmost importance.
After all, while it’s hard to forge an authentic uniform that was worn in Yankee
about their reputation, which in turn helps safeguard against fakes..
when you were in college and you weren’t one of them, or someone you
were dating had dumped you and you were miserable?
It could be anything that made you unhappy. But
and outgoing calls by setting up various rules.
wholesale jerseys When shopping for a wedding dress, it is
important to be aware of the different neckline cuts that are out there.
It is important to remember that different necklines compliment different body types.
you will be judged. Harshly. My formative years were spent in a
brass included.It has been strange and unexpected, to say the least.After all, things are expected in Portland.SHIVER ME TIMBERS!Toronto FC schedule has been grueling.
Love to say yes, but I don know wholesale nfl jerseys from china.
in the cemetery launches a ball to the other side of the field.
Members of the opposing team try to catch the ball and throw it at a player on the side from
«dead» and must spend the remainder of the game
Cheap Jerseys from china Soon after, an Islamist military junta took over in Khartoum.
Subjugation of the south was foremost on its mind, even in fact, especially if it meant killing
your walker with your weight balanced evenly between the two sides of
of you just a little bit. Take a small step with your
affected leg; when you step down, make sure your heel hits the floor before the sole of your foot
Cheap Jerseys china Halbritter said he was fan of the team in the early 1970s when he
was an iron worker in Washington. By 1975, he returned to Oneida territory, which was then little more than 32
to answer the call for a fire that killed his aunt and uncle..
way through. He had a good voice too! Bris also realized that there were some strange
that is for the professionals to attend when it comes to faults.
the first thing to set right the issues in a
Cheap Jerseys from china Tuesday in the team’s locker room before they faced the Lakers,
getting close to making his season debut for the team after tearing the ACL in his knee for the second time.
The previous time he did it in high school. Though he had surgery, then played a year in college before turning pro and playing two
plus seasons, he said his knee never felt right after that first surgery.
Cheap Jerseys from china At the age of 16, Bereket tookHelen under his wings, and gave her
Helen said, she was very much accepted and encouraged despite her young age..
in what really matters: medals. Canada has been at or near the top of the medal count since the games started.
put them in a tie with Germany and not too far behind the current medal leaders,
Cheap Jerseys free shipping «We’re only five games in and this is a team that prides itself on its physical conditioning so I don’t think (fatigue) is an issue,» Canuck winger Chris Higgins said.
«Definitely it was an unacceptable start. We talked about it before the game. It true, the NHL did price itself out of the Winnipeg market in the 1990s. We could no longer afford under the existing scheme at the time to pay for the soaring player salaries. The then Filmon government even went as far as signing a agreement with the Jets ownership at the time, underwriting millions in team losses for several years Cheap Jerseys free shipping.
over second base, the Diamondbacks won the 2001 World Series.
cheap nfl jerseys My friends and I knew nothing about Stalin, his occupation of newly liberated countries,
the 1914 18 war as ‘the war to end all wars’ yet twenty one years later they were immersed in war again. (My parents had been seventeen when WWI broke out.
Cheap Jerseys from china That’s what makes this bounty
to me. We are already out there hitting each other as hard
as we can for maximum effect. Bounties are of absolutely no consequence in a game where
injury is the only certainty. Cheap Jerseys from china
situation like this would reduce collisions by a very respectable average of 40 percent.
It works both ways, too. Going from red to green, the extra yellow
second gives us more time to figure out the intersection and observe
Christina said: «I’m looking forward to speaking to people from all walks of life in Jersey about what is important to them. I love to listen and I can’t wait to hear what our listeners have to say.».
number of players who scored more goals than they earned
but also, I think, because of a sudden feeling
careers himself at table with the rest of the company..
Cheap Jerseys china The period from 22nd to 28th June is very fortuitous for relationships and business
partnerships, as well as launching creative projects that bring prosperity.Enjoy
a number 5, this represents change. Often obstacles that may have appeared in the May 2015
will now fall into place, bringing freedom and personal
rewards. June is therefore a moment to allow a loosening of routine and constriction and experience a freedom to travel, adventure, be of free spirit and have fun!.
the 10th team in 1968. Has provided a much needed lift for the teams and the league,
which were looking for ways to offset the effects of the recession on merchandise
sales.. Likewise in Sendai, where the tragedy was felt just as deeply and where spirits are still rather shaken. In the city, I saw very little
team with the same name as the earthquake that hit here:
you’re a great author.I will be sure to bookmark your blog and definitely will
come back later in life. I want to encourage you to ultimately
In fact, to raise morale for the starving troops, most of whom had no shoes or coats,
Washington spent money out of the budget to put on a play (either the taste of soldiers has changed radically over
Have a locker right next to him, that was pretty special, Peterson said.
Don ask too many guys for autographs, but I definitely asked him for a couple.
to learn the laws of opening a Risk type 1 food business in New Jersey.
New Jersey regulations regarding food businesses include ordinances about the physical set up of the business, sewage and sanitation, food storage,
equipment, personnel and food preparation and storage.
key challenges and requirements of industry’s fastest growing segment
Buffalo for a very, very big game and we come up with a 4 2 loss and they didn’t compete the way they were supposed
to. At the end of the day, contracts are great.
I’m about to reveal to you the most important mistakes I made
via this article, I might be able to help people avoid the errors I made.
So, here,in no particular order, are some mistakes I made while trying to lose stomach fat..cheap nfl jerseys
Cheap Jerseys from china He didn’t do his due diligence on the property, so he didn’t know about the lien. He thought that he was buying a deed
to vacant land and he didn’t know that a new home had
been built on the property, and that there was a mortgage on it.
cheap nfl jerseys Cue the collapse. The Red Wings quickly tied the game in 10 minutes.
completed the comeback in the third with a hat trick from
Cheap Jerseys free shipping To do so is an offense
to the One who is Purity, Light, and Love. Unclean comments are an abomination to the Lord.
The Third Commandment states «Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain.» Choose alternative
«New York Times Best Seller» inked into the flesh of his
Welcome to the boards!I think we’ve had discussions about
most of those issues before. You can probably find them by running a search.
Everyone matures at different rates, and even people who are very mature might still not be comfortable with sex.
Pay particular attention to the exposed end where cigar is lit.
If you’re new to cigars, it can be difficult to gauge the quality of the tobacco.
The simplest way to judge the tobacco quality of a cigar
Cheap Jerseys from china You also have many habits that you have acquired during your life, both good and bad.
you can break a habit when you masters the «I will.» Your age is not a barrier.
In fact, concentration of your will is not hindered by your
age, color, race or gender! Many have changed and accomplished great things..
of having your drug message be effective, start when your kids are young.
One thing I’ve found out from pretty much every discussion I’ve had with
years, and the least successful are with older teens from 16 to 18 (the intermediate ages of 14 and
already pretty much made up their minds about drugs; either they have
tried them or they’ve decided they’re not going to try them.
Cheap Jerseys china «That is how you build a great collection.»That’s the same thing I tell my art customers.
then he probably does,» he says. «Magicians are not immune to believing in that woo woo any
more than anyone else. But if you really could predict winning lottery numbers, wouldn’t you be a fool not to use
cheap jerseys I also remember a letter suggesting that we bring a pullover because it could get very cold in the Transvaal in the evenings.» He shakes his head in disbelief.
«It was so amateur it’s unbelievable, and we had no medical care. If I have any envy of these guys today, that’s what I envy them, the superb medical care. cheap jerseys
Cheap Jerseys from china «I don’t have a personal relationship with
him, but it’s nice to see another South Jersey kid,» said Ryan, who is proud of his roots. «There’s
only two of us, so it’s nice to see another kid making a
name for himself. He’s certainly all over the TV up there.
manhunt.On Monday night he was charged with five counts of attempting to murder police
Chelsea street.Rahami had travelled several times to both Afghanistan and Pakistan, people who knew him said on Monday night, and on his return appeared to have been radicalised.Flee Jones, who grew up with Rahami, said that when he returned from one of the trips,
and Sunday.One, in Manhattan, exploded and injured 29 people.
Once chosen, you need to make sure you can fulfill the commitments required for study that you are able to complete monthly
assignments in a timely manner. This is especially
important if you are already running a busy home or have a full time job..
dresses sale The brain had been a huge part of my education and
Now I go for walks with my kids and do some cardio and weight
training videos at home. When people think about losing weight they think you have to be exercising 5 days a week.
if I remember but I didn buy it because it was damaged..
watched the show, and now have three of the show spin off books because as previously mentioned, my
20th century.[2] Surgical procedures were conducted in an operating theater.
The surgeon wore his own clothes, with perhaps a butcher’s apron to
of surgery as a profession that emphasizes cleanliness and conscientiousness, up to the early 20th century the mark of a busy and successful surgeon was the profusion of blood and fluids on his
one’s class in society was paramount and the processes behind the transmission of infection were the subject of controversy within the profession..
quarter on quarter. For the full year of 2017, total revenue was
Women’s Swimwear To hold a record, place the thumb on the edge of
have no doubt. Once I listened to some of his lectures
and learned to my astonishment that he was promoting the idea of a rational faith,
from within the Academy!, I became an avid supporter.
the original great gift to mankind, that of free will.
An angel with free will is not an angel at all.
The only one that has had such was Lucifer, and
That sounds like some party! It reminds me of the
one piece swimsuits Wait a second. What you were suggesting was that this entire investigation was just
a bunch of bullshit, not just Trump role, yet it resulted in several arrests and guilty pleas which you conveniently had no comment
prosecutor worth their salt.At the very least he committed obstruction of justice and admitted it in front of our very eyes
style and design of the bracelet, and it seems wasteful for me to keep it in my jewelry box.
However, a master’s in history can open doors to all types
cheap nfl jerseys He can say he back to his best but
Writing about it kept his recovery on the road.it happened a second time it was devastating
and you question life, sport, the whole thing.
cheap jerseys Guard Kurt Becker will be lost to the Bears for at least four weeks after undergoing arthroscopic surgery on his right knee Tuesday.
shorts this season, his 13th in the league, because he wanted to
the shorter short, he isn’t the first. The emerging generation of pro basketball players, one that came of
age wearing tighter clothes off the floor, beat him to it..
cheap jerseys One of this year’s most popular films
the hundreds of people that showed up to see it, so a third screening
wholesale nfl jerseys from china That’s because these structures are held together by a lot of tension. There are springs and rollers
that have to be secure. And if they aren’t, it can make it difficult for the structure to work properly.
but the new 1.2 litre turbo is better in this regard.
a preponderance of female athletes are gay. «In sports right now, there are two different stereotypes that there are no gay male athletes, and every female athlete is a lesbian,» he
said. «We’ve had tremendous success in getting straight male players to speak to the issue; we’re having a tougher time finding straight female athletes speaking on this issue because they’ve spent their entire careers fighting the perception that they’re a lesbian.».
that could, potentially, win the title, but it is going to take
It has 10We have been wanting to explore new secretive ways to «play» outside the bedroom.
So far our favorite is the Master Ring. It is a small bullet vibrator that slips into your panties and has a wireless remote that looks like a ring.
To turn the toy off you can push the on/off button and it turns of instantly.
There is no setting memory. Each time it is turned back
on, it will return to the first setting. No. Big. Deal..
win. And in this scenario we think they will.
will make it your new sex toy of choice.
My dad flew to his house the very next day and met his family __ That was SO embarrassing but now
our parents are best friends. They still annoy us about getting engaged because its been 6
We want to know who uses what kind of material and why.
Hi there everyone. This is my first time posting on this board, so it’s nice to meet everyone.
Well, I want to get some advice on a previous relationship I had.
I know making these videos is a lot of work, but it just a feeling.In terms of cutting
parts from the video, I really don think anything has to be
cut, but I love to see a bit more structure in the driving part of the video.
Many thanks, this website is very handy. http://tabletkinapotencje2017.ovh/erogan.html
and hazardous’ ingredients not listed on the label.
It’s hoped this year, unlike the England match, they will not be shunted
preceding the main event didn’t help).
Thanks for all the posts. I just basically think that they look of high quality but I would have to try one to know.
They just seem so overpriced for something that can easily be broken.
In fact, it is a personal ad you want to introduce yourself to
Arab singles. You can also add photos to your profile.
I contain Myself so that I can watch her a little
But manga and anime about mahjong, a Men’s Jewelry complicated game that isn’t widely played in these parts, simply hasn’t
It turns out that Dan Savage and I grew up in and around the same neighborhoods (and now live in the same far flung
trust each other in online communities. Such a credential, however, would only be as good as its reliability.
The German sportswear firm said it expects to generate 1.5 billion pounds ($2.5 billion) in sales
during the decade long deal with United.
Diamonds are created deep within the earth under intense pressure from the earth’s core.
I have always been jealous of guys with penises shaped like bananas that curve up.
Mine’s is straight (5.5 inches).
or something. I think that you can do with some pics to drive the message home a bit, but instead of that, this is excellent blog.
Thanks for your recommendations on this blog. 1 thing I would wish to say
not something new. The truth is, in the past several years alone, the marketplace for online electronics has
The original purpose of tort law was to compensate victims for their losses and also to help prevent future
losses by punishing the defendant (the person being sued).
I have noticed there are less people that all.
line offense. He’s a scratch golfer who could shoot under par and drive the ball 300 yards in college.His name likely will be added to the Bills Wall of Fame.
Thanks for the suggestions you are revealing on this web site.
Another thing I’d really like to say is getting hold of copies of your credit profile
in order to check accuracy of any detail may be the first action you have to accomplish in repairing
Today, with the fast life style that everyone leads, credit cards have a huge demand throughout the economy.
Persons out of every field are using the credit card and people who not using the credit card have lined up to apply for just one.
Thanks for revealing your ideas in credit cards.
It was designed with a shorter female in mind
(I’m 5’8″) but the pairs of ties on the top make it easily adjustable. Not having a back to the teddy means that a much wider variety of bodies can wear this comfortably.
It seems that nowadays as such has gone somewhat out of fashion. Maybe you and your crush might hang out a
few times, then call it a committed relationship.
All said and done, one has to come to accept that a 5 day long game is not going anywhere, for that matter
paced filled with action, one that lasts for a couple of
so the focus should be on tuning the game but one has to accept that the format and the length of
cheap jerseys «I have worked with the world’s best coaches and managers who I will always be grateful to for their support. What will stick with me forever is the support and love from the public though thick and thin, all as a result of riding a pushbike for a living. 2012 blew my mind and was a gas.. cheap jerseys
they wanted to go, we had to make sure we looked after our family, which is Ottawa
Fury. We got the most amount of compensation we could.. While the two giants are fighting for their rights,
While the future of the DFS games is still gloomy, esports will continue to spread across the world..
If you pick nova you will find her in a secret spot on Hyperion, but you won’t be able to interact with her,
She also says tickets will go on sale May 12,
today or tomorrow, including other stops on the North American tour.
He had two brothers and three sisters. He learned to play hockey on the frozen Thames River.
However, we now know that herniated discs seen on an MRI are often not painful.
But, once this patient is aware of the herniated disc, he will tend to be more
Its like men and women are not fascinated until it’s one thing
wholesale jerseys from china In helping people change their diets, two tricks seem to make all the difference: First, we focus on the short term so there is no commitment at all about what you’re going to eat six months or a year from now. And second, we work as a group. All our research participants get together every week. wholesale jerseys from china
cheap nfl jerseys Don’t get me wrong meeting people from all across the world with the same interest is pretty cool. But it doesn’t get you the die hard Thai boxing camp experience. So it really depends on what you are looking for. Yes, O’Malley ushered in same sex marriage in Maryland in 2012. But that was his sixth year as governor, and he had frustrated advocates by letting that issue founder in the General Assembly only a year before. Maryland became the eighth state to recognize same sex marriage at the time the bill was signed.. cheap nfl jerseys
I didn’t know much about the business model.
I just knew it was a place where I could get a waffle, a cup of tea and hang out with like
a dark side. It’s an echo from the days of European merchants and adventurers, whose
primary interest in this part of West Africa was the precious ivory which they traded for untold riches.
Who knows how many elephants were slaughtered to supply this trade?.
in our hair, so it’s a good idea to supplement your diet with a multi vitamin, especially if you are vegetarian. To
«You don’t send your children to public schools, you send them to private schools..» then went on to inquire about cuts in public school funding.
Woman: AND HE SLAPPED ME ON THE BED AND DUCT TAPED ME. Hall: I RECENTLY SAT DOWN WITH A GROUP OF STRONG WOMEN WHO
ARE THE FACES BEHIND THE NUMBERS LIKE SHEENA. THIS WOMAN TOLD ME SHE AND HER DAUGHTER WERE ABUSED.
bewildering purchase since there are so many models to choose from and so many different kinds of digital cameras too.
Unless you are a photography hobbyist you probably won’t be familiar with all of the acronyms and language used to describe the features of each camera
either. Some are small enough to fit in your pocket and others are
so big they need their own carrying case or camera
wholesale jerseys from china And I kept thinking about how people
idealize partners and when things don’t work out, they beat themselves up so much about it,
like, why didn’t it work out, why didn’t he feel the same
about me or why wasn’t I good enough? And really it’s all just chemistry.
Like we’re not in charge of who our partner is at all.
It’s chemicals, it’s scent and those aren’t things that you can control in other people so it’s best just to let it go ’cause the ideal isn’t what’s going to be real for you wholesale jerseys from china.
The worst and the saddest one that sticks in my mind is a guy
who was around $2000 down on blackjack. He was nice. He was tipping pretty well.
are so popular is because they are truly made so well.
that is durable, and can take the adventure you give it.
You want to make sure that the leather is genuine and
of the highest quality, to keep out the elements as you ride..
for you, or you don’t want them for a short ride, these are ideal.
on 3 pointers.just happy to be with a group of guys that going to be behind me, Stephenson said.
Leaders, All Star players, and I can just follow in their footsteps.
are no hard and fast rules. If you absolutely love silver
and you’re a blond, or a brunette, redhead, or gray and love gold or copper, go for
28, 2014. The huddle would then split apart, leaving
the play was risky, and he wasn’t even sure it was entirely legal
Act 2 is proving to be a great addition to the mix and may very well be the best area in the game.
That said, here are the areas that are great for farming..
stores are full of No. 15 jerseys that are even more prominent on the
«There’s quite a difference, but I think credit to him for (being) a small size player. He’s done quite well. When shore fishing from protected bays and beaches in Kauai, individuals may choose to remain in one spot with a line cast, waiting for a bite. It also possible to walk along the beach or wade into the water. Since people who are fishing share the beach and ocean waters with others, including swimmers and surfers, take care to choose less crowded beaches Cheap Jerseys free shipping.
guys should be paid. Football is a job, and it brings in millions.
Cup that I had been apart of that I was going to be the
captain, feeling that pressure to try to help
lead the team. Also, it was the opportunity to be in three World Cups with the team, and I was excited about that.
it in that fashion and do it so quickly into the start of the
first World Cup game, it was almost like a dream. wholesale nfl jerseys
wholesale nfl jerseys from china In terms of the market
for sports memorabilia, it is one of those things
sports have existed, enthusiasts who follow these sports have been ready to put down significant sums of money to
When kept in a fish tank, these fish form a group of six or more,
wholesale nfl jerseys Thought there was a ton of opportunity to do it
already, we just haven been able to give her a one stop, comfortable, personalized shopping experience.
Sport Chek stores, sorting merchandise by activity (running, swimming, yoga, etc.) instead of by brand.
five months after he had suffered a torn knee ligament.
I had a need for diversity, but I didn ever want to bite off more than I could chew.
has been a cornerstone of all their opening title productions for a
cheap jerseys If opting for a fixed rate loan when interest rates are high will ensure higher than average payments throughout the loan. When interest rates are low, the
mortgage repayments will also go down, yet when the market turns around and interest rates
during the course of the loan cheap jerseys.
Craigneuk, Wishaw, between May 1971 and May 1972.He also pleaded guilty to having unlawful sex with the 12 year old girl
eight year old boy between May 1971 and May 1973, and abusing the other eight year old girl on various occasions
his first victim in 1971 when she was just eight years old.Miss
Harper said: «The accused pulled the complainer by the hair and pushed her onto a bed settee in the living room.»She was face down and
half on the bed. She was terrified. He tried to rape her.
Cheap Jerseys from china But remember, you always have choices.
You could decide to just not use these services. But then how will everyone know what the food you just ate looked like?»Trust me, babe. From the Canadian Cancer Society Web page cancer is one of the most active areas of study today, as researchers tackle the problem from many sides. Some are working to learn more about what causes breast cancer so that one day it might be preventable. Other researchers are finding new and better ways to detect, diagnose and treat the disease. Cheap Jerseys from china
but we’re just trusting the process and it’s going to be exciting to see who we’re going to have,» said rookie center Joel Embiid, who represented the team on the stage with a bright, red suit, gold shoes and his priceless quizzical expressions when the explanation of picks was being made on stage. wholesale nfl jerseys
The goal is 2 to 4 inches, but some are rumpy with no tails
campaign. It wasn’t the dominating performance expected out of our women, who, unlike our men, are
A cruise ship is no different than a hotel on land both have the duty to provide a
reasonably safe place for you. Injuries suffered by you because of their failure to
clothing to the developing world and sell them to
traders. They, in turn, sell the items in their local markets, according
«How could they! We will remove our clothes, we will demonstrate in the streets.»In Nairobi’s bustling Gikomba market,
40s, were responsible for the single best decade in American movie history.
wholesale jerseys «But I wasn’t going to give him any of my audience. So we worked out a plan by which I summarized and made my plea for votes. And then we played ‘The Star Spangled Banner’ and had the flag flying.» Those old enough to be
signed off the air for the evening and turned their
cheap nfl jerseys AND NOW TO THIS COUNTRY AND WHY WE
SO OFTEN SAY WE ARE LIVING IN AN ERA DEFINED BY TERRORISM.
WERE IN KINDERGARTEN ON 9/11. IT BEEN THAT LONG. Now to the story about the
Arguing mom and dad should pay for her education even though she moved out.
It was originally bred for hunting down rodents.
It has a very hardy character that has earned it the nickname ‘Diehard’.
is this there are riches to be tapped into. It would be no surprise if Jones were already compiling a list
of 50 60 players he wants to run the rule over in the coming weeks once he clocks
cheap nfl jerseys The Q loader can feed at a rate of 30
It is October 7, 2011 and it doesn’t look like we are
is as popular as it has ever been. The television ratings
for the NBA are at their highest point. cheap nfl jerseys
achieved by a group willing to put aside their political divisions for a unified purpose,
also came during a time of extraordinary growth for the GAA.
The last years of the 1920s saw it cement its place as the largest sporting body on the island.
«Do not withhold food (fast) or water prior to surgery. Because this practice is important with dogs and cats, it is a common misconception regarding rabbits. Dogs and cats can vomit under anesthesia and if any is aspirated (breathed into the lungs), a serious medical condition can result.
more money logging onto the Internet. The costs of shipping and handling certainly offset any money saved on state taxes.
However, I worry that taxes on shipping services (see number 18
above) could result in even higher taxes on a product..
25, 2016, killing the baseball star and two other men, according to a report issued Thursday, March 16, 2017, by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, which investigated the accident.
Cheap Jerseys from china SOUTH BEND, Ind.
tailgaters who struggle to enter the stadium on time.
The three main entrance gates will be expanded so fans will be accommodated more quickly upon arrival and larger, more
to increase the capability and production of
in a tight, «tidy» group and in the mid range of their 30 gears as they crossed the
narrow road out towards the sea meets the main road, and had fallen away.
we are in Jersey we always catch a film at the waterfront complex.
Not easy for some of those guys when they get elevated to a different line and they think it their turn to score some
would take this route back to the apartment
Meanwhile we stood and watched the procession of waving flags and honking cars.
is under rapid transformation and is in the phase of going
to display, to merchandising, to sales, customer service and so
Mismatches like this are simply impossible in professional sports.
Kentucky: Win and move one step closer to a national title.
based company which was accused of making unsupported claims.
The shoes cost up to $100 a pair. cheap nfl jerseys
fixing that. Waiting until the summer isn’t acceptable.»If care was a factor and something we were concerned about, we’d have issues,» Gorges said.
«That’s not a cause for concern with this group. The heat protector plays a crucial role in martial arts training. It protects the practitioner against head injuries that occur due to the strong punches and kicks during the sessions. While buying a head gear, make sure that it fits well to your head as it comes in different sizes. wholesale nfl jerseys from china
wholesale nfl jerseys I disagree. Not only have real cash wages been stagnant since 1973, but labor force participation rates for men have been declining since then and for women since 2000. The US economy is inefficient because it is not creating enough jobs here at home (although it has done a marvelous job of creating them elsewhere). wholesale nfl jerseys
wholesale nfl jerseys It just a matter of focusing in on the details. We made great strides last year and the boys will get even better. Right in time for the season. Tanaka’s Lawnmower Shop was a small shack between an abandoned gas station and a discount grocery store that used to be a chain called Market Basket. In any other city around Los Angeles, Tanaka’s would be long gone. The advent of huge home building supply stores meant survival of the fittest. wholesale nfl jerseys
Look at how far deep that goes! I mean, that’s beautiful!»The sun sets in a museum worthy, light orange canvas cheap nfl jerseys.
To know what Instances would make you WoW gold you need to consider a few variables What’s your Class and what’s you skill level.
You need to match the best Instances to this information to maximize efficiency and therefore profit.
You can find this information with a quick search engine query.
what replica jerseys cost in the real world; taking the time to add
a player name and number, and spell the name correctly
and get the number right, takes a special kind of fan. wholesale jerseys from china
now, but that means you can’t have all the items on the
same screen anymore. Now, the store menu is listed in categories and subcategories to keep things organized.
There are also general upgrades that apply to the entire family like the gardening and
maid services for weeds and cleaning the house.
of these issues. This movement focuses on increasing the health of the soil
and minimizes the use of chemical fertilizers or pesticides.
that were developed for the use of industrial agriculture, such as tractors and other heavy machinery..
: «Once many years ago I came across a fish vendor at the farmers market with a whole tray full of beautiful fresh anchovies. On a sudden impulse, I bought them all. Real anchovies the ones that have been packed in salt to last are an essential flavoring, the garlic of the sea. wholesale nfl jerseys
Angeles went along with a story about her dog peeing on a guest during the night «even though my dog weighs only five pounds and that was a lot of pee,» she recalls..
something back then I feel responsible for what happened to other victims.
He said he had spent years this in the back of my head.
of how far from home you want to be. For some people, going to college is a chance to
explore a totally different part of the country. For others,
they want to make sure they can have dinner with their family once a week, or go
and a daycare bill times five is daunting. A couple of years ago, to
make extra money, she started hanging T shirts on a chain link fence along the sidewalk
mandatory evacuations, and many people stayed behind, some because they feared looting,
others because they figured whatever happens couldn’t be any worse than what they have gone
Queens. «It’s like a sequel to a horror movie.»All construction in New York City was halted a precaution that
in Sandy’s high winds and dangled menacingly over the streets of Manhattan. Parks were closed because of the danger of falling trees.
last round of cuts, the Canadian economy is poised to be a
the next eight months, and not just from ticket sales there’s also the multiplier effect of job creation and extra spending on a host of other things.Lack of Canadian teams
economists sayAccording to official data, spectator sports employ 93,500 people across Canada, about 0.5 per cent of the total workforce.
I know you are relatively new to this game, my
dear Hammond, but I do hope that this type of incident will not pass
It may be awarded if one spouse earned all or most of the income and the other spouse is
unable to earn an income sufficient enough to be self supporting.
length marriage, usually between 10 and 20 years. The term
is usually half the length of the marriage.
when one day she went up and couldn’t remember coming down. She fainted mid leap.
«I was learning how to do a double back two back somersaults and as I went up I didn’t have a clue what happened. You want to talk Chess? How do you think the Canes DLine will do against an Ohio State OLine that returns all their starters, who are now 3 Seniors and 2 Juniors? We all know Allen Bailey is a beast. We seen flashes from Vernon. Ojomo is my boy if he as tenacious as he was 2 years ago, then that will be fine. wholesale nfl jerseys from china
Cheap Jerseys from china It’s boring.»So boring, in fact,
Ever since 17 year old Pele led the team to victory in Sweden, Brazil
Yes if they have a paycheck. But court records do not show any attempt to garnish the
I was destined to only inherit one of those obsessions, and
it wasn’t the Dallas Cowboys. His passion for politics is why I spent my formative years as
wholesale jerseys from china Numbers are often treated with reverence.
if you look up what blocked the door there. That he’s broad street and one block this out
Dahlia is a flowering plant that is native to the subtropical areas of South and Central America.
There are about 30 species of Dahlia known to humans,
and more than 20,000 varieties are grown in different parts of the world.
The typical Dahlia plant grows to a height of about 12 inches to 6 feet.
This was proved by both sets of fans in the same Paris stadium in the past few years.
22, a medic who volunteered and boarded an ambulance as soon as he heard the news.
with ancillary fans get hold of. Nevertheless, there are some tricks for anyone to
by Early 90’s so that you can 1990. wholesale jerseys from china
wholesale jerseys from china In 2001, after eight years playing at the club he supported (and still supports today), he was sold to Leeds United, much to the fans dismay.
Even when he was at other clubs, however, he remained a Liverpool fan favourite.
And when he returned for a second run at the
club in 2006, the fans welcomed him back with open arms.. wholesale jerseys from
A lot of players will sell jersey numbers to newcomers. Who’s making the most money?
The high rollers are people such as, the president of Tri Star Productions in Houston, which has become the
largest promoter of sports collectible shows in the country.
in the Bay Area. The most recent show, attended by more than 10,000 people, was in August at the Cow Palace.
if not exact. The filing date of the petition is
the official cut off for included debts and a listing of the debts, assets,
and a proposed plan is submitted to the courts and assigned to a trustee.
There will be a 341 hearing (same as with the Chapter 7) which gives the creditors an opportunity to object or ask
We might could go case by case and talk about which countries are «oppressed»
enough to be special cases, but I use this first example to show how
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, including in the General Assembly Hall and the North Lawn Building had also proceeded as scheduled, he said.
Of course that what flavors are for!! I know most men only see that point of view of spit vs swallow.
Hey and you never know. Maybe SHES the one about to give you
I’m really torn on this whole issue. While I believe
that people, including children, should wear whatever they want for
side-effects , people can take a signal. Will likely be back to get more.
It’s amazing to visit this website and reading the views of all friends about this paragraph, while I am also zealous of getting know-how.
I have seen lots of useful issues on your web-site about desktops.
However, I have the judgment that notebooks are still not
quite powerful more than enough to be a sensible choice
if you often do jobs that require a lot of power, like video editing and
enhancing. But for world-wide-web surfing, word processing, and most other frequent computer functions they are just fine,
provided you do not mind the small screen size. Appreciate sharing your notions.
I don think this is true. Miners have an incentive as long as they own mining hardware that has only one purpose: mining bitcoins.
initial investment. That in some way a consolation prize.
They looking forward to a very important competition of the year the Olympiad, which will be held in Istanbul and
here, because we have more chances to fight for the medals and prize winning places;
but, I can say that more money is spent on women than on men.
shoppers, especially in overseas markets, who want a premium phone at lower cost.
but not so much about fixing pit latrines in rural areas.
Response, however, was quite the opposite. iphone x
evidence to suggest that Isabella was thrown to her death
from a bedroom window, her injuries were not consistent
with a falling death. Only her wrists were broken, in addition to the fact that
she was still alive, albeit barely, when she was discovered.[citation needed] The
asphyxiated before being thrown out of the window.[6].
problem. But if you start going that way, you don need rules at all,
so you can just skip reading the races (ancestries) section of the book.
To avoid that, and to give players more variety and
like size, attribute bonuses and penalties, special abilities (like dark vision or scent), and so on.
And you also need some lore about them, because if you were just told
The device has a 3.2 inch capacitive display featuring a resolution of
240 x 320 pixel. Think everyone would be so much nicer if they could cuddle a pig once
iPhone Cases One very brief section of the book that I enjoyed, but did not mention in my review, came back to me upon reading news that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) once again cut the
from the fans as well as from opposing players during his playing years.
players, I explained that it’s part of the larger story of our people’s acceptance
cheap nfl jerseys At 87 going on 25, the wonderful
Can keep living in the past. You need to look
at the future, says the irrepressible, stooped little figure as he grabs his walking stick to take us to see the new house he is having built across the
dirt road from his mother in law.. cheap nfl jerseys
cheap nfl jerseys A deposition may be taken of you, your spouse, or other potential witnesses in your case.
A printed or electronic copy of your testimony will then be created.
Discuss with your attorney the types of questions that you can expect to be asked and if there are any questions
that you are concerned about answering.. cheap nfl jerseys
Jr. Have a great relationship. They were drafted in the same year.
nice idea, but shouldn’t just be an excuse to get drunk; every town and village should hold events and perhaps there could be a national choir competition?I’m not Welsh
but I was named after St David and now live in Wales.
Of course it should be a national holiday, even though I’d have
to work on it as I am self employed! Any excuse to celebrate should be taken!.
Cheap Jerseys from china «One day, a couple of rabbis arrived at my home and said that they understood that some of the good Jewish children whom I was bringing over to this country were going to Christian homes,» he told the
Daily Telegraph. «And that must stop, they told me. And I said: ‘Well, it won’t stop. Cheap Jerseys from china
have been stopped dead on,» she says. What were they supposed to do, tackle Victoria Gotti and shove the words back in her mouth? Send a SCUD missile to take out the cameraman? Really, what they should have done is gone directly to the twins and told them what Victoria had said, and then maybe we could have had Nicole yanking out Victoria’s weave. Cheap Jerseys free shipping
Cheap Jerseys china You’d learn quickly there are three types of friends in this
world. The first type jumps right in the water to save you.
The second type would look for a life preserver to throw to you.
BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE, AND THE FORUM AND VENUE FOR ANY DISPUTE SHALL BE
IT SHALL THEN BE RESOLVED BY FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION
for every game, and therefore he wanted the visiting teams to provide a different
Cheap Jerseys from china Players in the 70s pushed for rule changes to eliminate things like spearing.
health and safety and take them beyond. Cheap Jerseys from china
Cheap Jerseys from china Most of the breeds do not bother when they are being dressed up unless
the dress is too overwhelming. They enjoy the attention they get
It is an older slide and scratched your back up on the way
and it was far from my favorite. Cheap Jerseys from china
cheap nfl jerseys «(Francesco) Guidolin was a bit unfortunate at the start of the season we had a lot of the big teams, so it was tough then Bob came in and worked really hard, but it just didn’t click. We were making a lot of changes every game and couldn’t get any rhythm or fluidity. Paul has gone back to basics and has got us doing the simple things.».
and he sold it in 1859 to John Moor. The area was still rural but this was
Terraced houses were gradually built along its length with stables and coach house
the threads. You won’t have to worry about where to stash
cheap nfl jerseys Don’t forget to have a copy of all your passwords for accessing online sites and accounts.
to recovery after any type of emergency should be backed up cheap nfl jerseys.
55 about a player they were considering for the number.
«To tell them about the guy and what we’re thinking,»
Kiffin said, «just because it’s a unique club and we want those guys to feel good about the guys that are in them.»Rivers, from Florida, was unfamiliar with the
significance of 55 when he arrived at USC in 2004.
him for not finishing a play.»Lofa said, ‘Man, you have the 5’s on.
Cheap Jerseys free shipping They must in the right size and you can feel comfortable. In most cases, dear skates give lighter height and better feeling. But you should check your financial situation before deciding which to buy. Although there are no accurate statistics on false rape accusations across the country, your attorneys understand the many ways a false charge could happen: Innocence. Simply enough, you’re innocent and can prove it with an alibi. Your attorney can help you collect all credible evidence to show this you were not there at the time, witness statements, documents like credit card receipts, etc. Cheap Jerseys free shipping
wholesale jerseys from china Believe me, someone you know or care about is curious to see what this business looks like now that it appears to be under new management. It’s not, of course. Schwarzenegger may have gotten his legislative ya yas out of his system by serving as California governor, but this hosting gig is still very much a political move on NBC’s part and by Mark Burnett, the show creator and main executive producer.. wholesale jerseys from china
Cheap Jerseys from china «Cauliflower» and «pizza» are two words you don’t typically see together, but rest assured, you won’t be disappointed with this recipe. Mixing ground raw cauliflower with cheese, eggs, parsley and garlic creates a healthy pizza «dough.» While the batter won’t seem doughy at first, once it’s baked until crisp then covered with delicious toppings, your family may not notice the difference. For a pizza that eats like a salad, top your cauliflower crust with marinara sauce and veggies, such as diced bell peppers, olives and mushrooms. Cheap Jerseys from china
Royal Palace.To make good maps for your game, you need to have an established set of mechanics, and then design your maps around them.
they like in the Canon, and then shoehorn the mechanics to make them work as best they can.
self employed so they work for themselves, which translates to the mindset of
you obtaining success is really up to you.
You will need to keep abreast of current trends and keep up with your competition. You also have to get the word out
so others can find you without difficulty..
and I know that because, like a crazy person, I screened all
Something Evil and 1973’s Savage are out of print.
wigs online I actually think there is a significant possibility we see commercial companies lead the way.
Women’s Open. She was tied for the lead with Amy Yang after 54 holes at two under par.
it’s no wonder this 17 year old from Portland is already
EP for Republic Records followed, including the searing and self assured gem «Broken Over You.» In 2015, we’re holding out hope for more Grace in our lives..
I hope viv gets what she deserves, and that this backfires against her.
major system you have to consider a few things.
First and foremost, you have to purchase tickets in order to win. I know, the old adage seems to poke its nasty head
human hair wigs The definition of a disfigurement varies as some people think that acne scars are disfiguring, while others do not.
In any case, it’s a problem that causes
Do not assume that it’s the end of your life
all the same size and color. But after going through the journey in the past, it feels inauthentic and almost like I’m trying to be trendy, instead of just me..
of the aircraft with the aim to see and be seen in search situations, radar, and
I don’t want to sound like too much of a fanboy
Batman trilogy, so I’m assuming that ship has sailed at this point),
but Christopher Nolan is one of the most exciting and inventive directors working today.
He may not be my favorite current director, but he certainly knows
then rises above the pack and takes a speccie above his head.
inside, and put a drop of superglue on the knot to keep it from coming undone.4.
and it’ll hold up its performance and resale value
so long as it’s maintained (something to remember
Cheap Jerseys from china A narrow stretch of open sandy beach near the launch can get
luck for an hour or two. A few small islands break up the lake’s surface close to shore by the bend in the northeast
Cheap Jerseys free shipping We come across many problems in the identification of the gifted children with learning disabilities.
One of these problems is that giftedness can disguise the learning disability since the child’s abilities can help him or her compensate for the disability.
Reis and Colbert (2004) mention that as a result of this contradiction between high levels of performance in different fields, and critical problems with learning, they
are often underrepresented in the regular education system.
the standard of volume measure used by the industry, is 100 pounds or a little over 11.5 gallons of fluid milk.
At the current wholesale price, a dairy farmer will make
just 86 cents for a gallon of milk that sells for about $4 at the store..
Richardson said. «But there’s so much heritage that is here, there is so much equity and great value that we can’t throw that away.»For the Wolves, it’s about much more than just
a logo. Two years ago, they started the conversation about
change the perception of a franchise that had often been looked at as one that cut corners.They built a state of the art, $25
a much needed $140 million face lift. Cheap Jerseys from china
An Awesome Place To Live In? Find Out Here!The town of
apex is well situated to make it a hot spot for real estate
investment. The city because of its placement is known by the nickname peak city.
The town is centrally placed at the highest point of the Chatham railroad, making it well connected to the other cities and
degrees (that of a circle), we would take the square root value of
Why 2? The complete reason is beyond the scope of this article.
square it and you will arrive at the next 360 degree value that on the
fans showed up anyway and powered through.»It’s all about the heart and soul,» he said
Cheap Jerseys free shipping It’ll make them feel much better about supporting you
or simply want to support, perhaps based on what
the player stands for, the player style, personality, and attitude, or a compelling underdog
Cheap Jerseys from china Onboard the ship, conditions were quite different.
it was an ex liner, so we had all the facilities the passengers had.
in spirit and fidelity. All the national movements towards liberation were initiated in the name of the whole mass of people inhabiting the
limits of the old Republic, and all the Provinces took part in louis
last generation that efforts have been made to create a
the problem must be managed in order to get relief. Long standing pressure to the nerve roots may result in numbness, tingling
and other sensation changes to these regions.
This is a way of overcoming one of the inherent limitations of blogs
the necessity of being in front of a computer to read them.
their ideas when they are not in front of the computer, but not
comment about any aspect of his situation. Green was briefly hospitalized last week and has not
stringent enforcement measures. Section 287 (g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act made it
sign up for the program, and the biggest federal contract was given to none
establish where your loyalties lie, without it watching a football match loses its significance.
as in a casual affair or a committed one like a marriage.
This allows you to be emotionally attached and become immersed in the highs, lows and at the end of it all the final outcome, that
analyzing what went wrong, much like a personal relationship..
Cheap Jerseys from china Yes, you heard right,
$29.95. Yet this is only accessible for a very limited time,
and you have got to act now. As well as listen to this kind of:
the unfortunate possibility of coming down on another aircraft, especially on approach to the airfield or in the traffic pattern..
cheap jerseys Think what you may see happen is a cool start to spring, then a quick warm up to above
unveiled on the weekend, Schwartz said in an email.
Was simply part of their sponsorship package as a supporter of junior hockey in the community.
Cheap Jerseys from china Both organizations also recommend using LED lights rather than incandescent due to the lifespan of the bulbs.
zoning concerns. In addition, any changes or additions must be approved
14th century or beyond, will you discover which version of
a surname is yours. It is more important to be aware that both surnames and forenames
are subject to variations in spelling, and not only in the distant past.
the 19th century, and even in the present day variations occur, often by
This product has the consistency and pale yellow color of oil, since it
is made up of a variety of different plant oils and extracts.
We want to make sure that anyone who wants to use Scarleteen knows we feel very strongly
about bullying and other forms of harassment, and have always worked very
hard to construct and manage our site and services to assure that they are as safe for.
So let me start by saying that I have absolutely nothing against Islamic folks.
In other words, the show producers can design episodes that are not exactly 22 or 44 minutes in length.
things, so we lost a little steam at one point. But we closed well with a controlled
scrimmage, and we had some great offensive execution. I think we’re starting to come around with our execution at that end.».
the fans,» said. «They were incredible for us this season. They
were always there for us in good moments and in the bad moments.
In 1954, the cost of a high end Westinghouse color TV, with a massive 15 inch screen, was $1,
295. No, not adjusted for inflation. That was the actual price at the time half
has throughout his career, there’s no reason he can’t stay productive.
Brown would be 33 by the time he plays out all five years, if he gets that far..
cheap jerseys Spence had been able to get to the street where
a passer by was flagged down and took both the victim and the suspect in the
Spence was later pronounced dead there, officials said.
She is charged with murder, aggravated assault and possession of a weapon with an unlawful purpose, according to Salem Chief of Police John A.
over the.500 mark. Instead, he now 159 160 with the club.
Your owner didn’t, that’s for sure, but he was responding to the will of
the people. It all had to do with attendance,
revenue and market share being affected. In layman’s terms the franchise would be
much when they are on the ground playing for the country Cheap Jerseys china.
The most important step in your life is the first step to get help.
without your abuser will be the solution to your abuse.
Either it helps you put an end to it or gives you the tools to get away from it.
quite well but the roofing after about a year was really kicking my butt.
One day a guy from the bar who I used to have to break up fights with all the time asked
if I wanted to come work with him one day. He seemed like a nice enough guy he’d get to the bar
was really quiet but come near the end of the
caught, it had nothing to do with the hard work of seasoned, professional
presumably to make sure it wasn’t full of Mexicans, he walked over to investigate.
Cheap Jerseys from china The best scientists of our time are saying, «Get your Flu shot when it is available.»
«The FA is a not for profit organisation that puts 100 million pounds back into the game every year. It is through relationships with partners such as Nike that we are able to maintain that level of investment in football,» it said.
more than $5 billion (3 billion pounds) annually.
hot way to celebrate sportsmanship, has been going on for years.
a shattering disappointment and flew in the face of all logic as the forwards had amassed a whopping 25 33 in the games
cheap nfl jerseys Mountain Dew is positioned very well in all sports that have high adrenaline attached to it.
The kids make the connection and support the product,
set in the surrounds, adding a bit of sparkle to your gift.
cheap nfl jerseys On the left side of the unit is a plastic door that drops open to reveal power inputs.
The door has a seal that looks to confer some dust resistance, but it would have been nice to see something approaching true waterproof level protection for these parts.
solar panels to be hooked up for up to 100W additional power.
cheap nfl jerseys The strong winds continued to make friends with
my little well worn tent, which had just about had it as far as its usefulness.
To me the wind was far from being friendly, especially when I stood
outside my tent in the early hours trying to point
Percy (urinate) in the direction of the horizon out over the sea.
most glorious view of the moon and stars. cheap nfl jerseys
business leaders who share a commitment to professional excellence, business growth and the community.
Finalists were selected in six categories: Business of the Year (1 50 Employees),
will be recognized and the winners in each category will be announced during a formal awards dinner on December 5,
your preferred motion picture?This piece was created for folks exactly like you.

This course will introduce students to a picture of American society. I have chosen to base the course on American Memory and some other online resources.
The course is designed to serve as a “bridge” for students, a transition from ESL courses to regular academic study. It means that materials will be studied in order to improve students’ academic study skills, learning strategies and language abilities in all four skill areas – reading, writing, listening and speaking.
This is not a lecture course! Class time will be devoted mainly to discussion of the readings which will require preparation and participation on your part! We will use the Internet as a resource. Even if you are experienced with the computers and the software, you should be prepared to spend time outside of class (either at home or at the lab’s open hours) on various assignments.
Puritans in the New World: “The Illustrated History of the USA”pp.
A letter from Christopher Columbus to the Queen and King of Spain http://www.law.ou.edu/hist/columlet.html
The 13 original colonies:“About the U.S.” pp. 50
A brief history of the USA http://usinfo.org/usia/usinfo.state.gov/usa/infousa/facts/factover/ch3.htm
The causes of the American Revolution:“About the U.S.” pp. 52-53
New England: “Focus on the U.S.” pp.31-34.
New England – the Educational Center of the USA.
The Middle Atlantic States: “Focus on the U.S.” pp.49-52.
Ethnic diversity of the population:
Slavery and the Civil War: “Focus on the U.S.” pp.67-71.
The causes of the Civil War: “About the U.S.” pp. 60-63.
Abraham Lincoln’s inaugural speech (before the Civil War 1861) http://showcase.netins.net/web/creative/lincoln/speeches/1inaug.htm
Minimum requirements for passing this course are substantial course participation; on-time work and satisfactory attendance. To succeed in the course, you will need to read assignments carefully, to follow the syllabus and be prepared to discuss the readings in-depth when you come to class.
to write a paper by the end of the semester;
to make an oral presentation as your pre-writing activity;
The Midwest: “Focus on the U.S.” pp. 76-83.
We Are What We Eat: We Are a Nation of Immigrants! D. Rosengarten
Presentation #2: The Exploration of the West in the 18-19th century.
Presentation #3: Western life and culture in the 18-19th century.
The immigration problem on the U.S.-Mexico border:
Presentation #11: The role of the Hawaiian region in the US economy, politics and cultural life.
Some possible topics for presentation (you can also come up with your own suggestions):
The exploration of the West in the 18-19th century
Western life and culture in the 18-19th century
The role of the Hawaiian region in the US economy, politics and cultural life.
Description: during this semester you will be required to write a 5-6 page essay. Your paper should include some primary sources (newspapers, journals, letters, diaries, etc.). Online resources mentioned below (Sites on American Regional Studies) also will be of great help for you. Be sure to cite all the sources you are going to use in the paper!
Please let me know if you have any questions or want to discuss your ideas. Since you might have difficulties with this assignment, you may turn in a paper at any point before the final due date, and I will grade it, and allow you to resubmit it after you revise it.
Submission format: turn in the paper in two ways: first, give me a printout of it, second, send it to my e-mail.
Ten questions to ask yourself while writing a paper:
Do I understand the topic I intend to discuss?
Are my notes clear and complete, allowing me to describe key images and other elements of the literary work?
Does my opening paragraph lead to a specific and precisely formulated thesis which anticipates the main points of the argument of the paper?
Is the meaning of each sentence clear, and are the structures of sentences varied?
the paper should contain 6-10 pages.
it should be typed (type #12, Times New Roman); don't forget to put your name and date in the right-hand corner of the first page, title pages are unnecessary;
center your title twelve lines from the top of the first page;
leave uniform margins on each page: an inch (2,5см) on both sides and at the top and the bottom of the page;
number the pages in the top right-hand corner;
Citing put the author's last name and the page number in parentheses at the end of your sentence: "A recent study has described these images as "pillow shots" (Burch 160-161).
Possible topics for your final papers (you can also come up with your own suggestions):
The position of women in the South
American national identity and the idea of the West
During the course you’ll have to take two multiple-choice and short-answer tests. The midterm test will count 10% and the final will county 20% of the total course grade. The final test will cover the entire course, including all readings. Makeup exams can only be provided for absences documented and excused in advance (e.g., activities, illness).
50 American states: facts and figures.
10. Americans at the table: reflections on food and culture.
13. The Center for the Study of the American South

Bath bombs make fantastic gifts because they deliver the subtle message “Hey friend, you work really hard. Why don’t you take a hot bath and relax. You deserve it.” And don’t we all deserve a little rest and relaxation!
They’re scented, fizzy, and fun! Drop a bath bomb in a hot bath and they dissolve! They are usually made with ingredients that help your skin stay moisturized and can be made with different essential oils to help brighten your mood!
Last year I left my husband and 3 kids home for a few days while I went on a work retreat.
My husband texted lots of photos showing the activities he and the kids were doing.
The bath water was DARK BLUE – almost black blue. I panicked and thought, “What have they done? That bathtub is RUINED.”
It turns out that my husband and the kids had made their own blue bath bombs!
They assured me that the bath bombs were awesome and that the bathtub wasn’t stained after all.
Bath Bombs make the perfect gift for EVERY girl you know! Mom, sister, aunt, grandma, your kid’s school teacher, moms in playgroup, your babysitter … I’ve never met a woman that didn’t like to pamper herself occasionally!
You can give Bath Bombs for any occasion! Wrap up a single bath bomb or give a few to make a bigger gift!
Heck yes! If my husband and kids can do it, so can you! In fact, Cami has created the perfect Rejuvenating Bath Bomb tutorial for you!
You can get all the details, recipe, and supply list over on her blog. The ingredients are all natural and she includes a few different oil options.
The Rejuvenating Bath Bombs are white so you don’t have to freak out about your bathtub being stained ;)
The bath bombs in these photos are wrapped in tissue paper. Quick and gorgeous!
Another option would be putting the bath bomb in a small gift bag/envelope like shown below. You can grab bags like these at your local craft store or the dollar section at Target!
Use a glue stick and apply glue on the back side of the tag
Place it on top of the tissue paper seam to close it up!
The gift tags come in 2 different sizes. 1.25″ for smaller bath bombs and 1.95″ for regular size. For each size there are 6 designs…
Enjoy wrapping up a few bath bombs for your friends, and make save one for yourself! You work hard and deserve a hot bath too!
« You Are Simply the Best – Printable Thank You Gift Tag
Hi Gaye! I just emailed them to you! I also checked to make sure the download is working :)

This CANADIAN edition of Living a Healthy Life with Chronic Conditions is a proven self-management guide. People with chronic health conditions live most of their lives outside of hospitals and clinics.
This book is designed to help them learn the information and skills to manage chronic conditions on a daily basis while doing the things they need and want to do.
"The Chronic Disease Self-Management Program is a LEADING PRACTICE program."
“A remarkable resource for anyone with any chronic health problem.”
“All of it is helpful: nutrition, exercise, relaxation techniques, communications...Wonderful tool!”
“I have insulin dependent diabetes, clinical depression, and a variety of other physical ailments...The book is wonderful, inexpensive and is something that I can fall back on when I need some reassurance.”
“I read every page of Living a Healthy Life and highlighted helpful things throughout the book.”
7. Exercise for Flexibility, Strength and Balance: Making Life Easier
9. Communication with Family, Friends and Health Care Professionals
16. Managing Heart Disease and High Blood Pressure
Factors Affecting the Decision to Gain or Lose Weight Now - Table 12.1, page 220
Your Blood Glucose Profile, page 307

Your attending provider is always ready to give you the best care

Spoilers - Once Upon A Time S&S #63: "We possess the dagger, we control the dark one." - Fan Forum
Fan Forum > Fan Extras > Spoilers > Once Upon A Time S&S #63: "We possess the dagger, we control the dark one."
Once Upon A Time S&S #63: "We possess the dagger, we control the dark one."
I can't wait for this week's Once Upon a Time! Is there anything you can tell us about Mr. Gold's reunion with his son? — Dakota
These 2 roles are being cast for episode 2.19: A Thief, who is male, 30 years old, brave, honorable and steals magic from Rumpelstiltskin; and Keith, who is 35, bitter due to a hard life, and likes to chase women. (Source)
Once Upon A Time films some scenes for Season 2 episode 18*- with a returning character of note...and maybe a new 1. - CANADAGRAPHS
NATALIE: Soon, Hannah. Better yet, because I'm feeling generous today, I will give you a sneak preview! Will poor Belle ever get her memories back? The answer is... yes! "If it was permanent, that would be the most bleak end," executive producer Edward Kitsis says, noting that how Gold helps her gets her memory back will certainly be a story line to watch out for. Let's take a moment to breathe a sigh of relief. Good? OK. (Source)
Once Upon A Time S&S #62: What they undercover and see could be the biggest bombshell yet.
I think I'll give up reading spoilers for the next episode.
Every time I am more distressed. The chilling sensations every time I read something new makes me think the worst...
I don't blame you. Reckon I'll do the same thing.
I'm getting more and more convinced that Henry is going to be the source of heartbreak in the final 30 seconds of the episode.
However I don't think he will be a villain yet.
I truly think the big bad that they're setting up for S3 is going to be Rumple.
That's why Rumple turned to Bae now, because Belle right now is a lost cause to him. It breaks his heart knowing that she can't remember him. If Bae dies, that's going to be THE catalyst to Rumple becoming the big bad.
Think of the dramatic and emotional depth of not only Gold but also Rumbelle's relationship.
I also believe that Hook is going to be the one to tell The Charmings about the dagger either because Cora and Regina double-cross him or he finds out that he will become the dark one if he uses the dagger. He sure as hell doesn't want that.
Belle is going to get her memories back this season - we've had that confirmed from Adam and Eddy. Plus, they treat each season like a book; they're not going to take this into season 3.
Gold went to find Bae right then because there was nothing he could do for Belle; he's not going to give up on her.
They already said that Belle gets her memories back and Gold is the one to help her.
Bae wont die, it would be pointless to do that.
And Hook wants the dagger, he knows perfect well what it can do. He's not going to go to the Charmings, he always has and always will be all for himself.
He already shows he doesn't care for innocent people. If Bae dies it will be at the hands of Hook because Hook doesnt care who gets in his way to get revenge.And that would turn Henry against him, Emma too.
Belle will not stay with a Rumple who has turned back to his ways, and the writers love Rumbelle. Their relationship will have ups and downs, but it will be a relationship. Plus Rumbelle fans are far too many to keep quiet..lol
What ever the prophecy is I firmly believe now that Bae/Neal is staying away to protect Emma, and his dad. ANd now that he knows their is a child.. Henry as well.
He's being a hero, and it will probably fall apart.
This episode is going to be spectacular.. I'd better go by more tissues..
I don't see them killing Bae, I think that'd be a dumb move really.
"Those two, They're Good Together"
“Sometimes there’s other things you wouldn’t think would be a good combination, end up turning out to be a perfect combination"
Do you honestly think Hook would lay a hand on Bae, the son of Milah, are you kidding me with that? He didn't even burn Bae's blanket because Milah made it. He would never harm Bae.
She wants Rumple's power, and she will go to whichever means to achieve this. Even if it be kill the only thing keeping him from going completely dark.
She does not care, it's war between Rumple and Cora and there will be tragedies during this war, the writers have already stated as such and I suspect the big one will be Bae.
Bae dying is not pointless, it's a mean to further developing the tragic character of Gold and showing how influential his relationship with Belle is. It would be far from pointless.
Bae dying is not pointless, it's a mean to further developing the tragic character of Gold and showing how influential his relationship with Belle is. It would be far from pointless.[/QUOTE]
Cora tries to kill bae, but henry gets caught in the cross fire.
Bae dying is not pointless, it's a mean to further developing the tragic character of Gold and showing how influential his relationship with Belle is.
He doesn't care about Bae, if he did he would never have let the woman he "loved" abandon her son and never even contact him. You do not know this, and we have already seen that he has no problem hurting , attempting to kill anyone that gets in his way. He had no regard for the innocent as we have seen.
You cant use the Bae is an extension of Milah, because by that same remark, then Hook would give up his revenge plot as Bae would not want his father dead.
Hook has no love for the Charmings and no regard to help them.
Killing Bae would be pointless because it was the whole point of the curse and there is so much they can do with him. If they did kill him, then it would be pointless to even introduce him. He's a vital as anyone other character in SB whether it's a reoccurring or a regular.. The only ones who are absolutely vital are the 6 main characters -Emma, Henry, Regina, Snow, Charming and Rumple.
once upon a time, speculation, spoilers

February comes fully loaded with new releases: novels, essays, memoirs, science fiction ..so many new books are going to hit the shelves that you’re simply going to want to read them all.
For fans of Wild, When Breath Becomes Air, and The Year of Magical Thinking.
I’m not gonna lie, Maggie O’Farrell‘s memoir is not an easy read, but if you can stick with it, you’ll end up loving this incredible, astonishing story.
Seventeen near-death experiences that have punctuated and defined Maggie’s life, from the childhood illness that left her bedridden for a year, to an encounter with a disturbed man on a remote path and, most terrifying of all, an ongoing, daily struggle to protect her daughter–for whom this book was written–from a condition that leaves her unimaginably vulnerable to life’s myriad dangers.
The Line Becomes a River is one of those books that everybody needs to read just right now.
I’ve Got This Round is disarmingly honest and funny to the core! perfect for when you’re in need of a good laugh. Readers will find the same shameless honesty and the inimitable candor of You Deserve a Drink, with even more spirit, adventure and heart.
Tara Westover was seventeen the first time she set foot in a classroom. Born to survivalists in the mountains of Idaho, she prepared for the end of the world by stockpiling home-canned peaches and sleeping with her “head-for-the-hills” bag. The family was so isolated from mainstream society that there was no one to ensure the children received an education.
When another brother got himself into college and came back with news of the world beyond the mountain, Tara decided to try a new kind of life. She taught herself enough mathematics, grammar, and science to take the ACT and was admitted to Brigham Young University. Her quest for knowledge transformed her, taking her over oceans and across continents, to Harvard and to Cambridge University.
Forget networking the way you know it in favor of an even more powerful and effective approach to creating and enhancing connections.
How can you become a Superconnector? Of utmost importance is practicing Habitual Generosity, acting on the knowledge that your greatest returns come when you least expect them and that by putting others’ needs first the good karma will flow back to you tenfold. Superconnector is a must-read for those seeking personal and business success.
Though the WASPs lived on military bases, trained as military pilots, wore uniforms, marched in review, and sometimes died violently in the line of duty, they were civilian employees and received less pay than men doing the same jobs and no military benefits, not even for burials. Their story is one of patriotism, the power of positive attitudes, the love of flying, and the willingness to do good with no concern for personal gain.
When Tim Baker breaks his mum’s favorite vase, it’s the least of his problems. The Greek hero he’s released is in danger of doing far worse. Hercules is only trying to be helpful but he’s just hopeless. It’s time to send this dim demigod home before Tim becomes ancient history.
A magical adventure, and a funny way to learn about Ancient Greek Gods.
An American Marriage is an intimate look deep into the souls of people who must reckon with the past while moving forward–with hope and pain–into the future.
At first, Alaska seems to be the answer to their prayers. But as winter approaches and darkness descends on Alaska, Ernt’s fragile mental state deteriorates and the family begins to fracture. Soon the perils outside pale in comparison to threats from within. In their small cabin, covered in snow, blanketed in eighteen hours of night, Leni and her mother learn the terrible truth: they are on their own. In the wild, there is no one to save them but themselves.
Splendid. Lisa Halliday‘s debut novel explores the imbalances that spark and sustain many of our most dramatic human relations: inequities in age, power, talent, wealth, fame, geography, and justice.
But then, as her connection with the future first lady deepens into intimacy, what begins as a powerful passion matures into a lasting love, and a life that Hick never expected to have. She moves into the White House, where her status as “first friend” is an open secret, as are FDR’s own lovers.
Based on investigative files and extensive interviews, A False Report is just one of many tales of how sexual assault is investigating today. Painful. But you need to read this!
“Text me when you get home.” How many time have we said that after a joyful night out with our girlfriends? Is it just about safety or is it something more? maybe is it how female friends cement their love?
Arranged into five sections –In the World, In the Audience, In the Gallery, On the Bookshelf, and Feel Free– this new collection poses questions we immediately recognize. What is The Social Network really about? Why do we love libraries? What will we tell our granddaughters about our collective failure to address global warming?
Gathering in one place for the first time previously unpublished work, Feel Free offers a survey of important recent events in culture and politics, as well as Smith’s own life. Equally at home in the world of good books and bad politics, Brooklyn-born rappers and the work of Swiss novelists, she is by turns wry, heartfelt, indignant, and incisive–and never any less than perfect company. This is literary journalism at its zenith.
All The Pieces Matter is the definitive, behind-the-scenes take on how it came to be made. With unparalleled access to all the key actors and writers involved in its creation, Jonathan Abrams tells the astonishing, compelling, and complete account of The Wire, from its inception and creation through its end and powerful legacy.
Named “Best/Most Anticipated Book of 2018”, Eloquent Rage celebrates the power of rage. Humorous, intimate… simply splendid. One of those books you don’t want to miss.
Along the way, he was arrested, caught diseases, and bargained with island tribes. But his culinary ambition came during a formative era, and through him, America transformed into the most diverse food system ever created.
Comey’s decision to send his October 28 letter, so near to the election, not only violated long-standing justice department policies but also contained no new facts of improper emails at all, just pure speculation.
Davis shows state by state, using polling data before October 28, and on election day, how voter support for Hillary Clinton eroded quickly. With raw, indisputable data he proves that had the election been held on October 27, Hillary Clinton would have won the presidency by a substantial margin.
If you’ve been watching the news and worrying that our democracy no longer works, this book will help you understand why you’re right. There is a colossal concentration of power in the Presidency. Congress is crippled by partisanship and dependence on special interest money. The Supreme Court and many lower federal courts are driven by politics. Add politically fractured and fragile media, feckless campaign finance laws, rampant income and education inequality, and multicultural divisions, and it’s no wonder our leaders can’t agree on anything or muster a solid majority of Americans behind them.
From single-child pressure, to test taking madness and the frenzy to buy an apartment as a prerequisite to marriage, from one-night-stands to an evolving understanding of family, Young China offers a fascinating portrait of the restless generation who will change their country and the world as we know it.
Young China is such a terrific book; thoroughly researched it will help you understand the touchstone issues this young generation faces.
Jorge Ramos, an Emmy award-winning journalist, Univision’s longtime anchorman and widely considered the “voice of the voiceless” within the Latino community, was forcefully removed from an Iowa press conference in 2015 by then-candidate Donald Trump after trying to ask about his plans on immigration.
In this personal manifesto, Ramos sets out to examine what it means to be a Latino immigrant, or just an immigrant, in present-day America. With current research and statistics, a journalist nose for a story, and his own personal experience, Ramos shows us the changing face of America while trying to find an explanation for why he, and millions of others, still feel like strangers in this country.
If you’ve been wondering why did rural Americans vote overwhelmingly for Donald Trump, and what is fueling the outrage toward the federal government, this book might explain exactly why.
Drawing on more than a decade of research and hundreds of interviews, Robert Wuthnow brings us into America’s small towns, farms, and rural communities to paint a rich portrait of the moral order underpinning this critical segment of the nation.
Wuthnow demonstrates that to truly understand rural Americans’ anger we have to listen to farmers who want government out of their business, factory workers who believe in working hard to support their families, town managers who find the federal government unresponsive to their communities’ needs, and clergy who say the moral climate is being undermined.
Jeremy Austin never asked to save a planet–it’s bad enough being a “B” average student as the son of a world-famous geneticist for crying out loud! He didn’t ask to be attacked by Gnome assassins, didn’t choose to become food for a prehistoric monster, would never have thought consorting with wizards a wise concept, and he definitely would never, ever sign up to do sword combat against the bloodthirsty Gnome King.
His father’s expedition to a planet 2.4 million light years from Earth has gone missing. Jeremy and five high school friends embark on a rescue mission. Surrounded by an army of mercenaries, they travel through a high-tech portal and discover a nightmare planet on the other side–a violent world of alien races and man-eating monsters–a world in despair; anxiously awaiting the arrival of a savior who will defeat the evil Shadow Lord.
For Jeremy, the search for his father becomes lost in a struggle for survival… and escape from those who would put the mantle of planet savior on his shoulders.
Jurassic Park meets Lord of the Rings.. what’s more perfect than that?
An extraordinary debut novel! Sue Burke delivers an intelligent and incredibly engaging story of a bizarre alliance. Colonists from Earth wanted the perfect home, but they’ll have to survive on the one they found. They don’t realize another life form watches…and waits…Only mutual communication can forge an alliance with the planet’s sentient species and prove that humans are more than tools.
Arram Draper is on the path to becoming one of the realm’s most powerful mages. The youngest student in his class at the Imperial University of Carthak, he has a Gift with unlimited potential for greatness–and for attracting trouble. At his side are his two best friends: Varice, a clever girl with an often-overlooked talent, and Ozorne, the “leftover prince” with secret ambitions.
In the medieval kingdom of Goredd, women are expected to be ladies, men are their protectors, and dragons can be whomever they choose.
Tess is none of these things. Tess is. . . different. She speaks out of turn, has wild ideas, and can’t seem to keep out of trouble. Then Tess goes too far. What she’s done is so disgraceful, and, unfortunately, the past cannot be ignored. So Tess’s family decide the only path for her is a nunnery.
But Tess chooses a different path, she cuts her hair, pulls on her boots, and sets out on a journey. She’s not running away, she’s running towards something…the open road is a map to somewhere else -a life where she might belong.
A sharp psychological thriller that’s just right for fans of One of Us is Lying.
The dead girl has left Kay a computer-coded scavenger hunt, which, as it unravels, begins to implicate suspect after suspect, until Kay herself is in the crosshairs of a murder investigation. But if Kay’s finally backed into a corner, she’ll do what it takes to survive. Because at Bates Academy, the truth is something you make…not something that happened. Debut author Dana Mele has written a taut, sophisticated suspense novel that readers will tear through and not stop talking about.
But when the unthinkable happens, Ellie finds herself trapped after a brutal assault. She wasn’t the first victim, and now she watches it happen again and again. She tries to hold on to her happier memories in order to get past the cold days, waiting for someone to find her. The problem is, no one searches for a girl they never noticed in the first place.
Sixteen-year-old Zarin Wadia is many things: a bright and vivacious student, an orphan, a risk taker. She’s also the kind of girl that parents warn their kids to stay away from a troublemaker whose many romances are the subject of endless gossip at school.
So how is it that eighteen-year-old Porus Dumasia has only ever had eyes for her? And how did Zarin and Porus end up dead in a car together, crashed on the side of a highway in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia? When the religious police arrive on the scene, everything everyone thought they knew about Zarin is questioned. And as her story is pieced together, told through multiple perspectives, it becomes clear that she was far more than just a girl like that. This beautifully written debut novel from Tanaz Bhathena reveals a rich and wonderful new world to readers; tackles complicated issues of race, identity, class, and religion; and paints a portrait of teenage ambition, angst, and alienation that feels both inventive and universal.
James Atkinson’s Health & Fitness Tips That Will Change Your Life

Running a store venue and an eCommerce site as a pop up retailer or a food service business is not an easy task. Curating the best products that you’d like your audience to experience comes first. Often, customer marketing becomes part of a long to do list instead of a source for learning more about what your customers want and a path to grow your business.
At GoGoGuest, we understand the daily grind of running a brick and mortar and eCommerce retail business. This post highlights what we learned when implementing our WiFi Service with Customer Marketing at over 100 retail businesses across the United States. The end result: meaningful, timely engagement customer by customer with high open rates ranging from 42% to 38.01% and 6.8% to 4.10% click-through-rates. According to HubSpot the average open rate for the retail and hospitality industry is 40% .
When our customers request for our help with their customer marketing campaigns on the GoGoGuest platform before diving in and creating campaigns, we take a quick look at the customer data from our WiFi Service and other digital touch points integrated with our system to answer the following questions:
Who’s the Recipient – Who are you talking to? First time customers? Repeat customers? Are they locals? Out-of-town guests? How long did they stay in your physical store? One of the most frequent segments we run for our food service business customers is called the Frequent Visitor segment. With this information, we’re able to automate carefully crafted rewards that encourages that customer to keep on coming back.
What are we communicating – Is there anything new that you have not shared with them before? Is this a reminder about a new product?
What is the next step – What do you want them to do after they’ve read your message?
What is the right voice – How are you going to say it to them? Is it a light hearted message, or a sober serious tone?
When is the right time – When will you say it? Is it right now? Is it 3 days before their birthday? Should we remind them about their free latte on their 8th visit? Do you want to hit them during work hours? Would you rather they were idly browsing on a Sunday?
What is the best medium – Where will you say it? On display while they are in the physical store? After their visit at your venue or your eCommerce store front? Do you want them to download an app first before they see the message?
Let’s face it, the more you know a person, it is possible to surprise them with things that they’ll love and appreciate. Like friendships, nurturing your best customers into ambassadors for your business takes time. You can’t expect a customer to walk in once and then immediately become your BFF.
I took the liberty to pull some examples from customer marketing messages that arrive in my own personal inbox.
When a marketing message fails to connect with your audience.
When customers do not know what you’re trying to say…
I stumbled upon Sosta, a fast casual healthy brand based out of New York City. Besides an awesome experience in the physical store and the food, their digital experience is ahead of the curve compared to many brands out there. Here’s why:
The menu, food packaging and flavors was as promised – simple, fast and delicious.
The digital experience, from connecting to the WiFi, the first message and the follow up messages were quite compelling because of timing and content.
When a brand cares. A message a few days after my first visit. When there are so many options in a place like New York City, staying top of mind is key.
What was the most popular device in each store?
What was the first customer touch point? In-store or online?
How often do they visit in-store and online?
It helps a brick and mortar determine the best area for product placement when trying to up-sell a customer or introducing a new product.
Knowing the time of day a person makes a purchase and how much they spend at each purchase point is a good way for a business to craft a reward for that customer or group of customers.
Today’s consumer is liberal with whom and how they share their data. With permission, retail, food and beverage service businesses, hospitality and any level of business organization is expected to make an effort to personalize and craft their message based on their profile

We’ve designed our "Best Bikini Body" starter kit as a straightforward, yet comprehensive program that will help you achieve your best "Bikini Body." This is not an end all and be all, but it is the best first (or next) step you can take to achieve your goal.
Use this time–tested program to noticeably improve your appearance over the next 30 days. But, don’t stop there; you’ll get even more noticeable results during the next 30 days. Like all of Beverly’s educational information, nutrition programs, and supplements your Starter Kit is No Nonsense – no gimmicks or quick fixes, just a sound tried and true formula for success.
Let’s get right into Keystone #1 Nutrition.
Choose one (A, B, or C) from the choices below:
6 oz. lean protein (chicken breast, fish, or lean beef), large green salad with two tablespoons low-calorie dressing.
6 oz. broiled or grilled fish or chicken, or 4 oz. lean red meat; 1 ½ cups vegetables (broccoli, spinach, green beans, etc.)
Beverages: Make sure that you drink at least six to eight 8–oz. glasses of water each day (that’s four 16–oz. bottles). Watch out for calories in the liquids you drink, juices and regular soft drinks will sabotage your progress. Limit your beverages to water, coffee, unsweetened tea, diet sodas, and Crystal Light.
Free Foods: You can eat any of the following at any time, without jeopardizing your results: Sugar-free gum, sugar–free Jell–O, Splenda, Equal, seasonings, mustard, vinegar, hot sauce, salt, and pepper.
Now, let’s get started! Your first stop is the grocery. Here’s a list that will take care of about everything on your diet plan.
After a couple of weeks or a month if you want to take it to the next level add 7–Keto
If you are not already taking them, now would be a good time to add Fit Tabs and EFA Gold for general health, hair and skin benefits
The final step in achieving your best bikini body is Energy Reserve; is completely optional, but many of our most successful clients incorporate it into their fat loss stack
If you work hard on these exercises, you will experience noticeable results by week 4. You should try to complete this course of exercises in 45 minutes each workout. Add weight whenever you reach 10 reps in perfect form on all 3 sets. On abs, add another set or continue to add reps up to 25 per set.
Course #2 is a split routine that allows you to incorporate more exercises into your program while staying within your ‘45 minute’ per workout window.
Once you achieve "baseline" weights for your workouts keep progressing in one or more of the following areas each time you work out:
Here’s a rule of thumb: If you can’t get at least 12 reps on your 1st set, simply remain at the weight for all 3 sets.
Start with 3 sets of 15 reps and gradually work up to 25
The best times to do your HIIT cardio are first thing in the morning, before Meal #1, or if you must do your weight workout and cardio in the same session, always complete your weight workout before cardio. High-intensity interval training is an effective way of burning maximum calories while preserving lean mass and shedding fat.
Perhaps the easiest way to do your cardio workout is simply choose one of the HIIT programs built into your cardio machine and increase a level every 4th workout on that machine. The main emphasis of doing this is to always advance and to never stay at an equilibrium state.
You can choose to perform each cardio session on the same machine, or use a different machine each day. Another great benefit of HIIT is that you can do it almost anywhere without any equipment at all. You can alternate fast walking or running intervals with your regular walking pace. You can even use a jump rope.
The important thing is that you record each cardio workout and gradually increase the intensity level every week or two.s
Warm-up for 3 to 5 minutes by pedaling at a comfortable speed and low resistance; then start your interval work
30-60 seconds: High-Intensity interval (pedal hard and/or increase the resistance)
Now that you are set with three days per week with HIIT, you are probably thinking what do I do the rest of the week? Easy! We recommend simply walking or doing something active 2 additional days per week. Whether it is pushing a stroller at the park or roller-blading with your friends, staying active throughout the week will keep your energy levels high and overall attitude positive.
By incorporating all four keystones, you are sure to achieve your best "Bikini Body" with consistent effort and discipline. This is a great starter kit to get you back in the game and feeling great. Let us reiterate that Beverly’s educational information, nutrition programs, and supplements – your Bikini Starter Kit – is No Nonsense – no gimmicks or quick fixes, just a sound tried and true formula for success. Best of luck to you and enjoy your transformation!

This Event will serve as a guide for the delegates of the Fondacio International Meeting 2018 happening on May.
All updates and happenings before, during and after will be posted here. So all of the delegates MUST choose GOING to keep you posted. Guests for the forum can choose INTERESTED.
Any concerns and question regarding about the Congress, please don't hesitate to ask the coordinating team.
Held every 5 years, it is the highest instance of governance in Fondacio. It brings together 150 delegates and invited guests from the four continents for:
Welcoming the orientations for the future (2018-2023)
All the delegates of Fondacio are welcome to join the Exposure from the 1st to 3rd May. In fact, as Vatican II encourages us, the path of becoming human passes through our encounter with the ‘other’ (GS, 1).
Lastly, the Leadership meeting will be limited to out-going and in-coming office bearers.
For those who are unable to join any part of this International Meeting we ask you to join us in prayer and communion; and the synod reflection process that is happening in your countries. Nothing is lost in the mercy of God!

The State of California doesn’t act lightly when someone drinks and drives. In 2017 alone, over 900 arrests were made in the state for driving under the influence (DUI) – That was just all in one weekend.
Thousands of drivers are charged every month with a DUI charge in the state. Driving under the influence is California’s most frequently-committed crime. When this happens, you need a DUI lawyer on your side.
Convicted DUI offenders who are ordered to refrain from using alcohol may be required to use a “SCRAM” device to ensure compliance with the court’s order. What is a SCRAM device? How does it work? Exactly who has to wear one?
You will also learn about your rights if you are accused and facing a DUI charge – and faced with the possibility of wearing a SCRAM bracelet.
SCRAM stands for “Secure Continuous Remote Alcohol Monitor.” It is an alcohol-monitoring device that is worn as an ankle bracelet, it’s difficult to tamper with, and an increasing number of California DUI offenders are being ordered to wear it.
A SCRAM device is often ordered by a California judge in a driving under the influence case as an alternative to jail time or as a condition of probation. This frees the offender to obtain treatment for alcohol abuse and live an otherwise normal life.
The SCRAM device may be required as part of a sentence for a conviction due to driving under the influence or for any other alcohol-related criminal conviction (such disorderly conduct, or in some cases, domestic violence).
The company warns that wearers shouldn’t use products containing any amount of alcohol, including mouthwashes, disinfectants, rubbing alcohol, or colognes. The company also advises that “No products other than soap and water should be used on the skin around the bracelet.”
Alcohol in someone’s blood is mostly eliminated through urination, but a trace amount is excreted through the sweat, breath, and saliva. That is why breathalyzers can be used to determine blood alcohol content levels, and it’s the principle behind SCRAM devices.
3. the severity of the offender’s alcohol issues
SCRAM systems are offered by a variety of authorized service providers in southern California.
A judge’s order to wear a SCRAM device is not necessarily a sentence for house arrest, although it may be joined with house arrest. A DUI probationer wearing a SCRAM bracelet, in most cases, is still able to attend school, attend alcohol treatment, and/or maintain employment.
What to Do If You Are Being Faced With a DUI Charge
The exact terms and conditions of a DUI probation sentence will be determined in each case by the court.
If you’re arrested for driving under the influence in California, contact a DUI attorney at once. Don’t presume that you’ll be convicted. Choose a skilled lawyer who concentrates on DUI cases and routinely represents DUI defendants. And choose someone you like and trust.
WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU PLEAD GUILTY TO DUI?
In almost every DUI case, a defendant should fight the charge aggressively. If you enter a guilty plea when facing a DUI in California, you’ll pay steep fines and court costs, your driver’s license will be suspended, and you could be ordered to wear a SCRAM device.
But there is a reason for optimism – even if you’ve been arrested due to a DUI.
Good DUI lawyers win a remarkable percentage of cases on behalf of their clients in California. If you are genuinely not guilty of driving under the influence, your lawyer will fight aggressively for a dismissal of charges or an acquittal.
Even if the evidence against you is overwhelming and a conviction is inevitable, a DUI attorney can negotiate a plea bargain and/or advocate on your behalf for reduced or alternative sentencing – which could mean wearing a SCRAM device as an alternative to serving time in jail.
In southern California, a qualified DUI attorney may be able to save you money, time, and a considerable amount of grief.
If you are facing a DUI charge in Orange County – or anywhere in the southern California area – now or in the future, make the call to a good DUI lawyer immediately. You have that right, and nothing is more important than your future and freedom.

This training course teaches you how to professionally serve customers, how to treat other co-workers and how to become more proactive in creating a more effective environment. It also incorporates role plays, case studies, exercises, videos and games that demonstrate teamwork, motivation, correct customer care and services that requires human interaction.
This one-day workshop aims to boost productivity, achieve great business results and improve the culture and relationships in an organization based on the four concepts or practices created by Chart House Learning:
• making your people’s day by making them feel good through simple actions,
Click on the In-house tab below to generate an instant quote.
FISH! has been called an antidote to cynicism, depression, burnout and anger. Our clients are using it for nearly every issue facing business today: leadership, orientation, teamwork, retention, creativity, customer service, quality improvement, change — anything involving human interaction.
develop a shared vision of how to serve customers, internal and external
recognize new opportunities to make a positive difference for others
Being fully 'present' with customers and co-workers
Listening to understand your customers and co-workers
Freedom to innovate - learning to be free to "try things out" as a team
Make Their Day reminds us to serve customers and co-workers by:
Learning to be aware of your customers needs - creating a delightful atmosphere
Identify ways to address these issues
Learn to put in place accountability measures to improve success of your customer service initiatives

Reform of the pension systems has become increasingly important as associated costs continue to grow and are expected to nearly double by 2019 from $3.4 billion to $6.6 billion. In addition, the systems face a $50 billion unfunded liability. The town hall meeting is scheduled for 6-8 p.m. Thursday, July 24, at the Dover Area High School Auditorium, located at 46 West Canal St., Dover.
“These issues are of major concern to school districts, which face skyrocketing costs associated with pensions,” Grove said. “Reforming the system could alleviate future property tax increases aimed at addressing rapidly increasing pension costs. We cannot continue down this same path ignoring this looming crisis.”

A manhunt was launched and the suspects were arrested on the same day.
Provincial Commissioner condemns alleged murder of a 4-month-old baby

Covenant Relationships: What You Don't Know About Your Dear Teenage Daughter
What You Don't Know About Your Dear Teenage Daughter
I once read that the best way to raise a teenage girl is to wrap the house in barbed wire. Teenagers are full of life, these girls can be such a pleasure to be around. They are charming, sensitive, sweet-natured and loving. They can also be impossibly selfish, outrageously rude and hideously moody.
Concentrate on an open discussion of facts — for example, that tattoos and facial piercings might deter potential employers.’ Call me cynical, but how many teenage girls do you know who can think beyond next weekend? You might want to smack your children a lot at around the age of "6 - 10 years" (that's when we "set" the "ground rules" in your parent/child relationship). But also endeavor to be very close to them (by constant reassurance and open display of love, giving gifts, outdoor activities together, like cycling, swimming, e.t.c) around that period. So that when you just frown, they already know someone has CROSSED THE LINE! ( over the years, my Dad "designed" a special type of FROWN that could even stop a lion in its tracks" ). He didn't even need to say ANYTHING, talk less of shouting!
It's better if our kids can be our "friends" instead of being "afraid" of us because they would outgrow that "fear" one day.... and what would you have left? Personally, I find one of the most successful pieces of advice you can ever give your daughters is always to look out for their friends. Friendship plays a major part of their lives at this stage you always hear " My friend did this, my friend is allowed to go there, or wear this etc"
By teaching them to be careful about who those friends are in the first place and to be careful about digesting information (advice) their friends give, half the problem is solved

Proteinuria is a common symptom of kidney disease. Do you know to what degree you should lower 24h urine protein? If you are interested in this topic, go on reading to learn more information. Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) is usually caused b
Proteinuria is a common symptom of kidney disease. Do you know to what degree you should lower 24h urine protein? If you are interested in this topic, go on reading to learn more information.
Some of the above kidney disease have a good prognosis. Some have not caused severe kidney disease. It is completely likely for you to lower 24h urine protein to less than 0.15g within the normal range.
Long-term assessment shows that urine protein less than 0.5g seldom causes kidney function impairment.
In this class, these diseases are very difficult to treat, so we can only lower 24h urine protein to less than 1g.
4. 24h urine protein should be kept into 3.5g.
5. 24h urine protein is no more important.
Western medicine can only help Diabetic Nephropathy patients to lower blood sugar level and high blood pressure level. And if you are in active period of Lupus Nephritis, it may seem very horrible. As to these two diseases, treatment should focus on the primary disease to avoid uremia and other organ failure.
To what degree should you lower 24h urine protein? Now you have a clear mind. If your 24h urine protein is not controlled very well by current treatment, you can try Chinese medicine, which can repair kidney damage and promote kidney function to reduce protein leakage. For more information on our hospital and our treatment, please leave a message below or contact online doctor.

Do you see why this is all the more devastating? God promised to send His Redeemer as a Seed of a Woman and His people are killing their children! How do they know they are not killing the promised One!?
After 400 years of silence and nearly 6,000 years of waiting, “in the fullness of time,” God sent an angel to a young, engaged, virgin girl.
Every young girl who had ever loved the One True God and who trusted His promises had longed to marry, to have a son and have that son grow to be the Messiah.
We know they wouldn’t have grasped all that would have entailed, even Marry didn’t, yet they longed for God to send His Messiah. They longed for Him to keep His promises. Each would have thought – “maybe, perhaps, this is the One!?”
So when Marry learns that she has been chosen by God for this great duty…
Yes, duty. Every woman who has ever been pregnant and given birth knows there is work, hard work, labour. Marry will have to experience this in the 1st century without any modern conveniences, with the possible humiliation accompanying her unwed pregnancy, and finally to give birth in a dirty, filthy, smelly, cattle stall!
Yet, it’s not a duty is it? The work, the labour, the potential public humiliation, the pain, all of this is but a shadow when compared to the glory that has been bestowed on her!
Mary’s mouth open and out of the abundance of her heart flows one of the most beautiful songs ever sung by mortal tongue:
“Such study will teach us what to expect, check unwarrantable expectations, and encourage us when cast down. Happy is the man whose mind is well stored with such knowledge. It will make him patient and hopeful.”
“She who was chosen of God to the high honour of being Messiah’s mother, speaks of her own “low estate,” and acknowledges her need of a “Saviour.” She does not let fall a word to show that she regarded herself as a sinless, “immaculate” person.”
“Like her, let us be lowly in our own eyes, and think little of ourselves. Humility is the highest grace that can adorn the Christian character.”
“We too shall do well to walk in Mary’s steps in this matter, and cultivate a thankful spirit. It has ever been a mark of God’s most distinguished saints in every age.”
“Let us rise from our beds every morning with a deep conviction that we are debtors, and that every day we have more mercies than we deserve.”
Let us hold firmly to the promises of God
Rev 12 => We find a powerful picture of this Son, who was born to rule, was caught up to God and His throne. Satan is left furious and has gone on a rampage! We live today in the midst of a great battle. A battle of cosmic, spiritual, proportions!
Victory is sure. Just as sure and just as certain as was God’s faithfulness to send His Son.

Linking up with Brooke for the first time in a while for Wednesday Wishes!
My camera is sad from the lack of pictures it's been taking.
Why yes it is that time of the month, how did you know?
Dinner was amazing, as always Mel, you did a great job!!
Those vases look so cute! That is a great idea! I have some bottles in my recycling bin and some spray paint handy. Now I just have to wait for a day without rain, haha!

Firstly, you should download and install FlipBook Creator program to your machine. And then launch it directly.
Step2: Enter into template interface, move to the left side and then you can choose other pre-designed templates or themes;

Enjoy free tea and coffee and an onboard bar selling espresso coffee, drinks and snacks
We love the small size and flexibility of this trip, that just makes your Fiordland experience that much more special. We think the local guide commentary is pretty cool too, not to mention all the incredible scenery you'll see throughout your trip!
There's nothing that compares to the stunning nature of Fiordland National Park and Milford around, so get for a day you'll never forget.
Your adventure beings in Te Anau between 7.30 - 8 am. You'll experience all the beauty of this area as you drive along, stopping at points throughout the national park to soak up the scenery.
There'll be plenty of time to capture all of Fiordland’s stunning natural beauty, and you'll learn more about the area with plenty of local insight from your tour guides.
You'll cruise the full length of Milford Sound right out to the Tasman sea, and take in all the spectacular scenery as you go. Mountains rise from the deep waters of the Fiord; ancient rainforests hang from glacier-carved cliffs and fairytale waterfalls cascade into the ocean below. There truly is nowhere else like it in the world.
As you travel, keep your eyes out for fur seals relaxing on the rocks and playing in the water just metres away. If you’re lucky, you’ll even spot dolphins surfing the wake of the bow, or catch a glimpse of the very rare Fiordland Crested Penguin!
After a 1 hour 40 minute cruise, its time to head back to shore and back to Te Anau.
Now is the time to make the most of this area's scenic stops, as the majority of the crowds have left for the day. Enjoy short walks at Mirror Lakes and The Chasm and discover some of the South Islands most incredible wilderness sights!
You'll arrive back in Te Anau at approximately 4 pm.
You can pay for your cruise using EFTPOS or Credit Card at the booking desk, but it’s a good idea to bring some cash for refreshments on the boat as we cannot provide EFTPOS facilities on board.
Is there an ATM machine in Milford Sound?
Milford Sound is acknowledged to be one of the wettest places in New Zealand with over 180 rain days, so a jacket and other warm clothing are advised as the weather can be very unpredictable all year round. You'll definitely require a rain jacket if you decide to take advantage of Milford's free shower service underneath one of the waterfalls.
It's not uncommon for Bottlenose Dolphins to make their way into Milford Sound. They love to play in the boats wake so keep your camera handy!
Is it worth going to Milford Sound when it is raining?
What should I take and what do I need for my trip to Milford Sound?
Here's an idea of must-have items:
Cash - to pay for purchases on the boat.
A rain jacket - even on a sunny day the waterfalls will get you wet.
Sunglasses - it can be bright if the sun is shining!
Finally, if you are self-driving, a full tank of petrol when leaving Te Anau.
The itinerary is correct at the time of publication and will be adhered to within reason, but may be changed due to weather or safety conditions or at the discretion of Cruising Milford Sound Ltd.
Where food is included in the price of your package, Cruising Milford Sound Ltd. will endeavour to meet dietary requests but this may not always be possible.
Changes to itinerary, inclusions, pick-up times or the use of third-party operators shall not give the traveller a right of cancellation or refund.
CANCELLATION AND AMENDMENTS the supplier at its discretion may allow cancellation of bookings on the following conditions:
- within 24 hours or non-notification of the event of departure at a penalty of 100% of the tour cost.
- For flights cancelled within 24 hours prior to departure time, or in the case of a 'no show', you will be charged the full cost of the flight.
- persons committing an illegal act or contravening New Zealand Health and Safety legislation (being a health danger to themselves or others) will be removed from the tour and no refund will be due.
LUGGAGE AND POSSESSIONS the supplier does not accept liability for loss of luggage or other possessions. Luggage and possessions are subject to the conditions of the Carriage of Goods Act 1979. It is recommended that all passengers have their own travel insurance.
CONNECTIONS AND THIRD PARTY OPERATORS the supplier does not accept liability for delays in transit or failure to connect with travellers’ expectations for further connections to any third party operator.
IF YOU HAVE FEEDBACK If a problem occurs during your tour then, in your own best interests, you should contact the supplier immediately so that steps can be taken to resolve the matter on the spot.
PROMOTIONAL PURPOSES Photographs of passengers may be used by the supplier for promotional purposes.

Why should I have an interview?
Interviews provide an opportunity to discuss the application with the examiner and can be useful to clarify positions, resolve issues, and provide a better understanding of the application to both parties.
How do I request an interview with an examiner?
Applicants should call the examiner to request an interview. The examiner’s contact information can be found in the Conclusion section of the most recent Office action or from the Employee Locator on our web page (www.USPTO.gov)
Interviews should be held during normal business hours, Monday – Friday 8:30 AM – 5 PM. Telephonic and video conference interviews may be held outside these hours if agreed upon by all participants. Applicants and examiners may have to adjust their work schedule in order to find a mutually agreeable time to schedule an interview. See MPEP 713.
It is the responsibility of both parties to the interview to see that it is not extended beyond a reasonable period, usually not longer than 30 minutes. See MPEP 713.01 III.
At what stage of prosecution should I request an interview?
Some of the most productive interviews occur after a first action on the merits when both parties have had an opportunity to consider the prior art; however, there is no bad time for requesting an interview. Examiners are encouraged to have an interview whenever the interview can resolve issues and help further prosecution. See MPEP 713.05 and MPEP 713.10.
A request for an interview prior to the first Office action is ordinarily granted in continuing applications. See MPEP 713.02. Further, if the application is filed under a special program such as the First Action Interview Pilot or Accelerated Examination an interview may be appropriate according to the published guidelines of that program.
Normally, one interview after final rejection is permitted. However, prior to the interview, the intended purpose and content of the interview should be presented briefly, preferably in writing. Such an interview may be granted if the examiner is convinced that disposal or clarification for appeal may be accomplished with only nominal further consideration. Interviews merely to restate arguments of record or to discuss new limitations which would require more than nominal reconsideration or new search should be denied. See MPEP 713.09.
Yes, a request for an interview will normally be granted when appropriate and when a mutually agreed upon method and time can be found. See MPEP 713.05 and MPEP 713.10
Should I be prepared to discuss proposed amendments during the interview?
Yes, applicant’s representative should consult with the applicant prior to the interview to discuss the invention and all relevant issues and obtain applicant approval and/or negotiating authority to accept at least a range of reasonably foreseeable proposals that may arise during an interview.
Do I need to provide an agenda for interview?
Can I request an interview if I’m not the attorney of record?
Does the substance of an interview need to be made of record?
What is a video conference interview?
Yes. When an applicant requests a video conference with an examiner, the request will normally be granted. When applicants request an in-person interview but there is not an opportunity for both parties to be on the same USPTO campus at a mutually agreed upon time, a video conference should be offered and held when appropriate.
Where can I hold a video conference interview?
Do I need to download special software to hold a video conference interview?
Is authorization from the applicant needed to conduct a video conference?
Yes, communications via the Internet, such as e-mail or video conference, are at the discretion of the applicant. Written authorization from the applicant must be obtained prior to setting up a video conference.
The following is a sample authorization form which may be used by applicant and placed in the file-wrapper:
“Recognizing that Internet communications are not secure, I hereby authorize the USPTO to communicate with me concerning any subject matter of this application by electronic mail. I understand that a copy of these communications will be made of record in the application file.”
Can I invite or “host” a video conference with an examiner?
How do I find out more information about WebEx?
To find out more information about WebEx, including collaboration tips, please visit the following link:
What is a Public Interview Room?
Where is the Public Interview Room located?
How do I reserve a Public Interview Room?
A Public Interview Room must be reserved by the Examiner at least two business days prior to the interview. Applicant should ensure they have submitted written authorization to communicate electronically prior to requesting to reserve a Public Interview Room (see MPEP § 502.03 and 713.01).
Can I share documents during an interview from the Public Interview Room?
No. Any documents to be shared should be e-mailed to the Examiner prior to the interview.
What can I expect when I arrive at the Public Interview Room?

More than 23 tons of oil-eating bacteria have been sent to clean up the China oil spill in the Yellow Sea. It should work better than the chopsticks workers initially used, but it's still no miracle solution.
When there’s a huge oil spill in the waters off your country's coast, who ya gonna call? Oil-eating bacteria.
Two pipelines exploded July 16 at a Chinese oil storage depot in the port city of Dalian. Crude oil leaked into the Yellow Sea, then burned in a firestorm for 15 hours. At least one worker died in the cleanup earlier this week.
China was slow to say what caused the incident, but an investigation has found that a chemical used to remove sulphur from crude oil was mistakenly pumped into pipelines, reports Sky News, citing the State Administration of Work Safety. That action triggered the explosion.
Current estimates put the spill at about 1,500 tons of oil covering a 170-square-mile swath of the Yellow Sea. That's a fraction the size of the Gulf oil spill, which covers anywhere from 2,500 to 9,100 square miles.
China mobilized hundreds of local fishing boats and vessels to aid in the cleanup, but workers were woefully unprepared, initially using plastic bags, straw mats, and even chopsticks to remove oil from the water, according to news reports.
Now, the government is deploying another tool.
Forty large oil skimmers have dumped more than 23 tons of Chinese-grown, oil-eating bacteria into the Yellow Sea since July 20. "The use of the oil-eating bacteria at the Dalian spill is the first time we have used biotechnology to solve an environmental pollution problem," said a spokesman for Micro-cleaner Biotechnology Corporation in Beijing.
The Daily Telegraph (London) explains that "the bacteria break down the toxic hydrocarbons in oil into less harmful compounds. They were used after the Exxon Valdez spill in Prince William Sound, Alaska, in 1989."
True, agrees Newsweek, but it's not necessarily a miracle solution. “Bioremediation has been used successfully to mitigate many previous oil spills, including Exxon's. But success is defined differently than one might think in these cases. Bioremediation can eliminate only a portion of the compounds present in oil, and the process can take years.”
Long stretches of China's shoreline are now contaminated and emptied. Fishing, important to the region, has been banned for the rest of the summer. Dalian's seafood farming and tourism industries have taken critical hits, Green Peace China said in a statement, estimating that 10,000 shellfish farms have been contaminated.
China still hopes to contain the spill before it reaches international waters. Government officials say their goal is to finish the cleanup over the weekend, though experts warn it could take much longer.

Eyewitnesses provide varying accounts about the cause of the onslaught (some say the singer was down in front of the stage and instigated the incident, others insist the clash started when the girl jumped onstage), but the videos show the melee from multiple angles. Adkins was then reportedly pulled into the crowd where he exchanged blows with more fans.
The concert was stopped early when staff announced that the police had been called, although the Fort Collins Police Department reported that there were no calls from the venue. No arrests were made in connection with the brawl.
The videos below show a few different angles of the incident and a drunken Mark Adkins lying on the stage.
Stay tuned to Zumic as further details emerge. Let us know in the comments if you have anything to add.

Although sporadic clashes continued between the Mahdi Army and Iraqi forces even after the cease-fire deal, Sunday's flare-up has been the worst and threatens to undo the lull in fighting in the capital and in the southern oil city of Basra.
Police sources cited by Reuters said that at least 22 people were killed and 55 wounded in the battle that started overnight. Although it's unclear what started this latest round in fighting with the Mahdi Army, the US military said it killed nine "criminals" in an assault by one of its helicopters in Sadr City.
Inside the vast Shiite slum, home to roughly 2.5 million people, the situation is increasingly tense as the area's squares and apartment blocks are destroyed by Iraqi or American strikes, its streets used as Mahdi Army positions, and its residents increasingly caught in the middle of this fight.
One of the teenagers milling around said: "This belongs to the dirty bunch."
Deeper into Sadr City, it was militia territory. Young militants were everywhere. They carried sniper rifles, machine guns, and rocket-propelled grenade launchers. They were on street corners and rooftops ready to fend off any advance by US and Iraqi forces.
"Watch the [US] airplanes … they are killing civilians and civilians are everywhere," shouted a fighter dressed in military fatigues.
Every now and then, a civilian shouted: "Raise your hands in the air so they do not shoot at us."
Two fighters ran out. "They have just struck the home of Abu Rahman, and they killed three members of his family," said one.
A man who appeared to be the leader of this group hugged the fighter, and they both broke out in tears. "No, they were not killed," said the presumed leader.
"I saw their blood with my own eyes," responded the fighter.
Since the start of the war, it's routine for all journalists venturing into Sadr City or other areas controlled by Sadr's Mahdi Army to seek out media coordinators. On Sunday, the one in Sadr City wasn't there.
Several other mortar rounds went off nearby. It was time to get out. More mortars were going off – seemingly everywhere. Another explosion sent a plume of black smoke from a rooftop.
Two men came out of the building carrying two children – they appeared to be dead or unconscious.
"Quick to the hospital, their injuries are serious," shouted one of the men as he hopped into a taxi outside. Several ambulances sped by, probably taking the wounded out of Sadr City to better facilities elsewhere in the capital.Later, residents said, several food warehouses in the district's vast Jamila market were on fire. A plume of black smoke was seen rising from that area.

Paleo cookies, No Cook cookies, Hippie cookies, whatever you want to call them they’re a sweet snack made with 100% real ingredients. And they’re surprisingly good for something so good for you. 😉
Today, it is my pleasure, to introduce you to the gooey, sweet goodness of “ies”.
What is an ie, you ask? It is a cookie with the cook removed, therefore making it simply an “ie”. They’re Paleo cookies that you don’t bake. They’re fast, easy and delicious. I say that as someone who isn’t Paleo in any way shape or form. In fact I’ve been known to eat a mashed potato sandwich on occasion.
In this household these cookies are known as The Hippie Cookies.
There’s no flour or sugar. They get their sweetness from the dates and dried berries and get texture from the seeds and nuts. See? Total hippie cookies.
As I mentioned at the beginning of this post, the most delightful part of these cookies is the fact that you don’t cook them. Yes. I said delightful.
Add the remaining ingredients and pulse.
It helps to pulse the dates a few at a time.
Roll the dough into a long tube. I’m really sorry, but it will look like poo.
Depending on the dates and how long you process the dough for, the ies may become oily. This is normal.
No matter how I tried, I could not make these ies look delicious in a photograph.
This is what it’s come to. Paleo “bread”
THE BEST CURRIED CHICKEN SALAD YOU’LL EVER EAT.
I’ve been a reader for a while, but I haven’t commented yet… Just wanted to let you know that your writing makes me laugh every time. I love it! Thanks for teaching us how to do stuff. I like doing stuff 🙂
Brynne – Thanks for commenting! Finally! I’ve been waiting. Seriously though … I love getting comments. It’s what lets me know people are actually reading what I’m writing. Which in turn motivates me to show you how to do more stuff. ~ karen
Well, I can’t say they look delicious, but they do SOUND delicious! Funny as always.
And don’t you worry about the pictures. Nothing’s wrong with them.
Perhaps you could call them “Mr Hanky Cookies” sorry, but Southpark reference!! And it sounds like you are really fond of the gym guy, he was fond of you too till he read this blog 😀 Thanks for the giggle again Karen
Ooh, these do look good, and my husband is currently doing the same thing your boyfriend is and it is driving me nuts (I snuck a brownie at work today. Shhhh.)
Don’t know how you think up all the stuff for your posts, but they are interesting and, yes, funny.
I think these look ok, especially in the last photo.
Once again you make me smile and you also have motivated me to make something sweet that might actually be better ofr me than my carb laden chocolate chip cookie recipe!!! Make it a great day…
This came in an email and thought of you
Perhaps eating poo is underrated. They sound amazing and I’m going to put them on my list of things to make. Thanks for sharing.
First of all, you are a great girlfriend for supporting your boyfriends trainer/asshole food regimine. Second, I love your ‘it looks like poo’ comments. I know it makes me sound juvenile, but deep down don’t we all get a little giggle from poo refererences? Third, I will not try these. I am a firm believer that cookies should be baked, or at least heated on the stove and blended. Taking raw goods and mashing them into a cookie shape makes them…well..not a cookie. A sweet hippie snack maybe, but not a cookie. Plus, they really do look like poo. This is my opinion and I am sticking with it. 🙂
Well… I didn’t want to say anything. Heh.
When he was a young lad your fella was fond of eating uncooked Duncan Hines cake mixes out of the box with a spoon. He’s come a long way, or has he? Gotta love that boy.
Once again~ hilarious! A blog post about poo and pot!!! COMEDY! I wear patchoulli oil but I do not associate with wood nymphs or unicorns. I do have a few hippies as friends, however. I’m positive they would like these “ies” so I’ll pass along your non-photoshopped blog post even though I’m not sure if they’ll have wireless internet out in the woods. 🙂
this post is Karen at her best. loved it! (although the ies don’t seem appealing to me because I am not a fan of dates).
Medjool dates are delicious, and they’re really not expensive if you get them at Trader Joes…maybe 3 or 4 dollars for a large box. They’re way better than the usual grocery store dates which can be so dry and hard. Look for them!
” If you think you might be sharing them with an actual hippie, make ‘em a bit more filled with pot.
You make me giggle. 🙂 Thanks for being so awesome.
Definitely trying these – the last picture was great! They don’t look like poo there. Trust me, I have 2 kids and a 100 lb dog, I am a poo expert.
they look disgusting! i will probably have to make some for my vegan nephew when he visits this summer as i am always looking for things to make him. but you are right, there is no way to pretty these puppies up they will always look like poo! nice try though karen with the pretty dish!
I have made these before and they are YUMMY! Totally forgot about them- Im so excited you reminded me… I think I got the recipe out of a RAW recipe book I have??? Honestly, the fact that they look like poo just makes you that much more surprised when you taste how good they are!
Sorry Adam – As you can see lower in the comments I cleared up the fact that I was talking about potatoes, bread, etc. I assumed people understood that’s what I was talking about since a “no” carb diet would mean you were existing on well … almost nothing. ~ karen! Oh! And in today’s post on Curried Chicken Salad, you’ll see you’ve been elevated from Asshole to “really nice guy”. karen!
Karen, thank you for not banning me from your comments sections. The pregnancy and hypoglycemia have rendered me utterly impulsive and emotionally charged, so I appreciate your patience! I think you’ll find my brain’s capable of logic, wherever it’s hiding…
No problemo. I think it’s funny that you’re apologizing, while I’m the one who called Adam an asshole. Mind you .. I’ve also called my chickens, my fella and a piece of gum an asshole in the past week so I figured Adam wouldn’t take it the wrong way. ~ karen
Love the idea of whole foods! Sorry for the misunderstanding, Adam/Asshole/Really Nice Guy. When I read “no carb” I was reminded of the truly crazy people who used to shop the health food store I once worked at, truly trying to avoid ALL CARBS. Including potatoes and other root veggies, most fruits, and many seeds. Of course Karen has a functioning brain, so she would choose a dietician of similar mental caliber. I should have deduced that my previous definition of a no carb diet couldn’t possibly be what you or her would suggest. Thanks for setting me straight! 🙂
The cookies sound much better than they look. I’m going to try to make some this weekend. I’m turning more and more hippie every day. A friend of mine convinced me to mix up my own laundry powder and use white vinger as fabric softner. I thought she was crazy and now I’m in love and my laundry smells awesome.
All the gluten-free lactose-free weirdos at work are gonna love these! Thanks!
“If you think you might be sharing them with an actual hippie, make ‘em a bit more filled with pot.”
Karen, You now owe me a blog on how to clean my monitor after having coffee laugh-sprayed all over it.
BTW, I’ve had similar hippie cookies, “both ways”, and they’re very good. (I DO live in BC).
Gotcha. Thrive is essentially a Whole Foods diet that the author (Brendan Brazier) has whipped up with a whole long explanation of why it’s good for you. He doesn’t restrict carbs to a crazy extent..like you CAN have a bun with your almond flaxseed burgers, but it has to be a whole grain type thing. It’s mostly no-soy, no-dairy, no-meat, no-corn and primarily a raw diet. I’ll definitely be adding the cookies into it though. They sound delicious.
LOL That is too funny. If I can get over the whole “looking like poo” thing, I might even make these. So glad I found this blog. I tweeted and Facebook-ed this post today AND Skyped my Michigander of a sister. My work here is done. Cheers!
Thank you Elen! Those Facebook posts, Tweets and Stumbles make a HUGE difference to me. It’s the best way to introduce my blog to more people! Which enabled me to continue to write this blog. Thank you! ~ karen
Disclaimer: I don’t own a pair of Birkenstocks, I shower everyday and do not, let me repeat, DO NOT smell like patchouli but I am so going to make these cookies! I think my unicorn is going to love them.
Oh yay! As you can see by my email address, gluten is off-limits for me, and baking in triple-digit Phoenix heat is out of the question, so this recipe is perfect! My husband will also love these, since he’s into whole foods and all that shit.
They sort of resemble an Eat More so I wonder if they taste like that!
How long do they stay good for in the fridge?? (not that your bf has probably ever let them go longer than a week, but I’m just curious)
Hilarious! Thank you for a recipe i can use! I just started up with the primal/paleo meal plan again and these are really going to help.
Did your stupid meal plan help with migraines? That’s why I do it.
Well, this American, living in the Philippines, LOVES your blog. I always get a smile out of your post and sometimes laugh out loud and insist my husband listens to me read to him, as I will be doing with this post! Thanks!
Karen! Roll those babies in unsweetened coconut flakes and you have the closest thing to a toasted coconut timbit! I’m almost certain that’s how the cavemen/women did it way back when….
Karen you are such a hoot! I read your blog at work and am always having to let my desk mates know what’s so funny.
It does! To be honest I had no idea my Cuisinart was retro. I mean I know it’s old, but I don’t know what a new one looks like. Haven’t paid attention. I’m gonna have to go look one up now! karen
This look great – raw food recipes can be amazing and very flavourful. But your gym guy is not only an asshole, he doesn’t seem to know much about nutrition, such as the most basic concepts, such as what carbohydrates are. In what universe does something packed with dried fruit have no carbs? (Plus if you really ate no carbs, which I don’t know how you would do because I can’t think of anything edible that really has NO carbs in it except maybe water, I think you’d die pretty fast.)
Love the list of Ingredients! How about: “Get Stuffed Cookies” as a name for these beauties?
I’m trying to think of what they could be dusted with to make them appear less…ummm, intense? How about nut crumbs of some sort?
Really though, when it comes to eating a cookie I’ve never really balked at how they look, as long as they haven’t been on the floor.
Mmm, this looks really tasty. Not to mention FANTASTIC for helping regulate my blood sugar. I’ll have to try this recipe!
I wonder if they would look more cookie-like if instead of rolling it into a log, you rolled it out on either parchment paper or more nut-flour and used cookie cutters to shape them?
I used some dates that were a lot drier than the ones pictured, so the mixture wasn’t sticky enough to hold together to form poo-dough; I don’t eat dates often, so didn’t realize this until the end. If anyone else has this problem, try adding a TINY amount of apple juice; we’re talking a couple of teaspoons, added gradually while mixing until the mixture binds into a dough ball and your food processor tries to jump around the counter-top. This is a fantastic recipe, Karen. Thanks for sharing!
LOL – “your food processor tries to jump around the counter-top.” That is a perfect description of what happens! You must have got it right! ~ karen
Barry – That’s funny! Good thinking with the Nutella. I haven’t had that since I was a kid! ~ karen
I am so terribly sad that I don’t have a food processor. I want some Pookies or Nookies or Hippie Cookies!
I think I’ll try these for my Christmas cookie exchange!!! No one said they have to be cooked cookies!
Hahaha, you make me laugh. I am sure this was most likely covered in the comments above, but sounds like your ‘no carb’ diet is more of a no processed foods kinda thing? Those delicious looking Hippie cookies seem to have an good punch of sweetness in them, if I am not mistaken. (Lol,and yesss, I am another one of those Gym Assholes 😉 )
I enjoyed reading your recipe! Very funny! I’ll have to try them.
Any ideas on cheep, run around the house and find something to call a costume, other than a sheet.

Carrie Underwood is a champion. The singer is making her return to the spotlight after suffering from a nasty fall that required over 40 stitches in her face, and her new music video couldn’t be more fitting.
Underwood shared the new video for her song, “The Champion,” on Friday, and the lyrics speak to overcoming adversity. “I am invincible, unbreakable / Unstoppable, unshakeable / They knock me down, I get up again / I am the champion,” she sings on the track.
The music video shows footage of Underwood singing in the recording studio, looking gorgeous as ever in a simple black T-shirt. It’s unclear when exactly it was filmed, but considering it just hit the airwaves on March 2, it’s possible the footage was captured after her injury in late November.
Underwood first revealed in November that she had broken her wrist after falling on the steps of her house; later, she opened up about the severe cuts she suffered on her face. “There is also another part of the story that I haven’t been ready to talk about since I have still been living it and there has been much uncertainty as to how things will end up,” she wrote. At the time, the singer said she was recovering but “not quite looking the same.”
Watch the music video in the clip at top.

There are hundreds of Scottish castles to explore and having visited a fair share of them, we can put together the perfect tour for you, taking in important sites of Scottish history. Although the majority of these castles now lie in ruins, there are some wonderful gems to discover that are actually still being lived in.Read More →

Thanks for your generous giveaway and congrats on the building of your new home! May 2018 be a great one for you and your family. I follow you on Instagram and your blog. My preference would be package 1 or Package 3.
Thank you for the opportunity to discover you and your style. I have no preference on the giveaway as I'm just honored to have discovered you.
Hi there. Happy New Year! Congrats on the new home and on all the design teams, that's awesome
Hi! I'm new here and glad I found you! I love Package One.
Congrats on your new home with a joyful Happy New Year 2018!
Happy New Year and thank you for the chance to win! Congratulations on getting to build a new home and getting to visit family! I am a new Instagram follower.
I would love to win pkg 2, but of course any will do. Thanks for the chance to win : )
Thanks to this blog hop; I came across your blog, and subscribed.
Thank you for the generous give-away. My preference would be package 1 -- so I can learn to "play" with these products, which would be new to me.
I'm new to your blog but am now following you here and on Instagram too! I would love any of the prize packages, package one because it has a lot of products I've not played with before, and the other two because you can never have too many stamps! Thanks for the chance to win, and Happy New Year :)
New to me.... so I'll be jumping on your follower wagon!
I am a new follower, I am now subscribed to your blog page and on Instagram.
Thank you Vera for joining in with this post Happy 2018! :O)
Happy New Year! May 2018 bring you many blessings. I would love to win package 1--thank you for your generosity. I can't remember how long I have been following your blog. I'm heading over now to follow you on Instagram--don't want to miss anything.
I always enjoy your fun projects! I am in love with the little
gingerbread man with a bite out of his head. Poor guy! lol
I have been following your blog for a couple years now and I just
started following you on Instagram. :-) I would love to win
Pkg. 1 or 2. Thank you! And Happy New Year!!
So glad I found you! I am subscribed to both and looking forward to posts! Package 2 would be my choice if I am lucky enough to win!
I think that I started following your blog just this year and there has been such awesome inspiration, so thank you very much!
Love the globe card but all are amazing. Prize package 1 would be my favorite but a difficult choice. I love the bright colors because I love bright colors! My goal this year is to build up my followers and create with images that make everyone smile like yours make me smile! kReN @ http://afourthlife.blogspot.com
Happy 2018! If I won, I'd be happy with prize #3. The sunflower card is my favorite, as it just says HAPPY to me! Thanks for the chance to win.
Such pretty cards! Thanks so much for the chance to win. I am following your blog through Feedly and am following you on Instagram! :)
Happy New Year ! Great selection of cards, I loved the gingerbread babies when I first saw that card & I still do now, also adore the monkey shaker card how yummy cute is that !! Glad to hear you had a great 2017 & I hope this year doubles your good times. Wow the giveaway is fantastic, , No.2 is my favourite bits but they are all wow, I look forward to continuing to follow your blog & I have followed your cards for 3 months now.
Just subscribed to your blog-lovely designs-I don't do instragram :( Would love a chance to win any of the prizes, all are great!
Please throw my name into the drawing for prize #2 :)
those cards are so pretty love them all!
I dont know how long but Im sure blog I follow about 2 years.
Happy New year! I love your fabulous designs. I am a follower but unsure for how long. Thank you for the chance to win.
Your projects are so pretty. Love them. The second prize is my fav.
Pretty colors! I would love package 2, but any would be fun.
Thank you for your giveaways and Happy New Year!. I would love to win #2. That package spoke to me...I love the flower!!. Just subscribing....let the fun begin!.
Love all your cards! Thanks for all the inspiration and chance to win one of your great prizes. I personnally love Prize pack #3. ;D
I'm a new follower! And I would love any of your prize packages!
Love your soft and sweet cards, like little dreams! I love all the prize packages, thanks for the chance to win any of them :)!
I'm a new follower of your blog but have seen many of your posts on the blogs of different stamp companies. Your work is always so adorable.
I've been a follower of your blog (via feedly) for a few years now...when I first learned of your caring hearts card drive. It's a great way to learn about when to start getting cards ready for the drive and follow your crafting projects.
Thanks for the giveaway, I'm following your blog and instagram now:-) You have a pug, how sweet:-)
Thank you for all of the inspiration. Happy New Year and all the best in 2018!
I'm a new follower and excited about it! Your cards are awesome! Generous giveaway! I love package 2. Happy New Year to you!
Hi, I follow your blog and love your designs. I would love package 2 or 3! Thanks for the chance to win!
Wow!! What a fabulous collection of cards and what a busy year for you!! Congrats on your new home; how fun! I went to follow you on bloglovin' and discovered I was already a follower. : ) I bet it was from one of the previous years of this hop. Thanks for the chance to win (would love prize #2, but I'm not picky!!).
What a year! I hope you are enjoying having your mother around and in a brand new home! I would love to win package 1 or 2!
I would like to win Package #2, but I am not picky! :-) Happy new year!
Thanks so much for the chance to win such a great prize! Happy New Year! I like both packages either would be fun to win
Happy New Year and I love following you on Instagram for over a year now. Thanks for the chance to win (would love prize package #1 if I'm selected)
Beautiful creations. Just love that one with the globe. Package 1 looks amazing, but I'm not picky and would enjoy any creativity. Happy New Year to you.
Happy New Year Vera! I'm been following you for a couple of years. Have a great 2018!
I love all your work! Been a follower for quite some time!
Happy New Year and thank you for all you do for the Caring Hearts Card drive!
Happy New Year, thanks for the chance to win these amazing prizes. Beautiful inspiration on your blog Vera, I joined in the Caring Hearts Card Drive this year from Canada and it was so much fun, I'm sure all of the cards made seniors happy across this Canada/USA & Australia. Looking forward to next year!
Been following forever. I like package 2 the rose stamp would make a beautiful card for my mom who will be 84. Thankful for every day I can call and talk to her.
Loved the globe card, happy new year.
I love your designs and have following your blog for over a year, I think! Thanks for being a part of Seasons Givings! I wish your 2018 is even better than 2017! My preference for the giveaway would be Prize package #2! Have a great year!
I'm going to be a new follower. This hop has led me to your site for the first time. I am excited to view other cards you have made. I prefer package 1 or 2. But would be happy winning anything. Family is the most important in this life!
I'm not on Instagram, but will follow your blog. I'm looking forward to learning at least one new technique a month in 2018
Added you on Instagram. Your dog is so cute. Love all the new blogs I have gotten to chance to see today. Have a Happy New Year.
I am a newbie thanks to this bloghop!. Love the companies you design for thank you for the opportunity. I have to admit pkg 1 appeals to me since I want to explore more mixed media to my style this year.
Wonderful cards--I really like the one with the globe--and I like your motto. I don't remember how long I have been following you. I like the first prize but all are great.
Thank you so much for your generosity ! I’m wishing you all the best for this new year. Love from France, Marjorie
Wonderful prizes you are giving. I am following by Bloglovin and Instagram. I really prefer prize #3 but I can use all as I don't have any of those particular products.
I'll give you my preferences in order - 3, 2, 1.
I don't do instagram so I can't follow you
Glad 2017 was such a fantastic year for you.
Hopefully 2018 will be even better.
Happy New Year and thank you for the giveaway. Love your blog. I would appreciate package one if I am the lucky winner. Again, thank you very much for your generosity.
Thanks for all you do for the crafting world, your design are always beautiful! I just do the save every year! One day at a time as I have a husband with ALZ, now that how our life is going, never know from one day to the next!
So cool that you design for all these companies!! I just LOVE your cards. I would prefer package #2 or #3 if I won!! Thank you for a chance to win!!! Happy 2018!! I am also just joining your following today on IG.
Gorgeous cards and awesome giveaway!!! Glad you had a wonderful 2017! I have been following you on IG for a little over a year! And if I were to win I would love prize #2!
Love your work. Any prize would be a blessing! Thanks for the opportunity.
Your designs are very cute. Today is the first day I have seen your work and I have to say I really do like your work. 1,2,or 3 works for me! Happy New Year and congrats on your newly built home
Your giveaway is fabulous!! I really don't have a preference but the animal stamp sets are awfully cute!!
I follow your blog after taking one of the online card classes and will follow your Instagram.
Im a new follower. Excited about all the new inspiration.
So excited to hear that you’ll be joining the Honey Bee team I love their products! I’ve been a blog follower for about a year and just started following your Instagram, prize two would be my fav! Thank you!
So fun to hear all about your yearly highlights. I enjoy your beautiful creations so much!!! Happy 2018!
Just started following you! Love your ideas and inspiration. Pkg 1 is my favorite, but Pkg 2 is a close runner up! Thanks for your generosity!
I am a follower of both your blog and Instagram. And if I had too choose I do like package 2 but anything would be wonderful. Thanks for all of the wonderful inspiration this year and I'm sure you will find new ways to inspire me in 2018. Thanks for the chance and happy new year
I always love your work Vera and your cards here today are a great representation of them.
I have been following your blog for quite some time and I supposed it's been about 2 years that I have been following you on IG.
I would LOVE pkg. 1 as I don't have ANY of those products. Thanks for the chance to win and Happy New Year.
Happy New Year!!! I just started following you. I would love any prize!!
Great selection of cards, you have a wonderful eye for colours!
I have been following you for a year or two! Just jumped on Instagram and followed you as well. I would prefer prize two. Thanks and Happy New Year!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!! I've been a Follower for Several Years!! LOVE your Creations!! Here's to a FABULOUSLY Creative 2018!! THANKS SO MUCH for sharing and for the chance to WIN!!
Love your beautiful cards. I would select package 2. Thanks for sharing and Happy New Year,
Happy New Year. I am one of your blog followers and I enjoy seeing all of your great projects. Thanks for the inspiration this past year. Thanks also for a chance to win a fun prize. Hope you have a blessed new year.
I just found your blog through this hop. I definitely will be following you. I would pick set #2.
Thanks for sharing and inspiring! Happy new year to you and all!
I have followed your work for years, as I'm a big fan of Purple Onion from it's beginning. But I did just follow you on instagram. I would prefer giveaway #2. Very lovely cards you make. Love the softness and cute designs. Happy New Year!
Here's to a happy and crafty fun 2018!!!! I am a new follower of your blog plus Instagram. I really like package 2 in your prizes. :)
Just found your blog towards the end of this year, thanks for the inspiration so far!
Is to branch out in both my style and techniques used in my cards, shaker cards is my first stop, thankyou for the inspiration! Package 1& 2 are stunning, thank you for the opportunity! Look forward to seeing what you create this next year!
You're a wonderful designer and I fully embrace your motto of living life to its fullest! I've subscribed to both your blog and Instagram, and look forward to getting those updates. If I were to win I'd prefer packages #1 or #3. Thanks for your generosity and Happy New Year!
Thank you for the change to win and have a healthy and happy new year!
Thanks for the giveaway!I wish you all the best for 2018!
what a generous giveaway. I would prefer either one, but I am a stamper, as is my little girl and we would have a blast with pkg #3...lol.
thanks for a chance to win all look great I think package 2 or 3 as I am a stamper!
Great packages. I've never used gelatos, so would love pkg 1. I'm new to your blog -- which is why I love these types of blog hops! Looking forward to perusing your blog.
Wishing you and yours a wonderful 2018.
Such great inspiration, and giveaway in one. I love all the packages, so it really doesn’t matter. I just love to hear about everyone’s successes and accomplishments of 2017 and goals for 2018. Happy new year.
Happy New Year, fun to see your favorite projects for 2017.
Happy New Year and congratulations on the successes you enjoyed in 2017. Thank you for offering these generous packages. I've enjoyed your design team work and it's great to see you highlight your favourite projects of the last year. Looking forward to more creativity in 2018.
I’m just a new follower, lovely prizes for the giveaway. Looking forward to exploring your blog some more.
Happy New Year! I hope all your dreams come true for 2018!! I have been a follower of your blog for sometime now, but I just started following you on Instagram! Thank you for the chance of winning one of your awesome prizes!
Being a newbie, I have very little supplies so any of the 3 prizes would be a blessing! If I absolutely HAD to choose, it would probably be number 2.
Thank you for participating in the Blog Hop and best of luck to everyone!
I would be thrilled to receive any of the prizes - all are wonderful! thank you for sharing!
Thank you for sharing your lovely cards. The monkey card is so cute! All of the prize pkg.s are terrific. I'm not new to stamping but like to learn ways to incorporate them into design. I will be checking out your blog often. Thanks.
Happy New Year and congratulations on your long awaited home!!! I have just discovered your site but have seen your designs and they are wonderful. I will be back. I'm creating a list of those sites that I enjoyed the most. Thank you for your time and energy!! Nancy
After having a building built, I can honestly say you are so lucky to have someone that can it themselves! Lovely card designs! What a fun give a way too. If I win, I would love any of the packages but pkg 2 stands out to me. Thank you and happy 2018
I can't wait to follow you and your ideas...thank you
oh my goodness...your cards are adorable!
I just started following thru this hop! I’m excited to see what wonderful things you’ve created and look forward to what you’ll create this year!
I love your cards. Simply stunning. I hope you have a wonderful New Year!
Happy New Year Vera and congrats on the house but more importantly the time you got to spend with your mom. I've been following you for several years now and I get your updates in my email all the time. You inspire me each and every time. Thanks for participating in the give away. Hugs!
Hi Vera! Happy New Year! I've been following your blog for about a year and a half and unfortunately I don't do Instagram so I hope that doesn't disqualify me for the prize. Love your looks back at your amazing projects. Beautiful designs and colors. I guess I would prefer package #2. Thanks so much!
I love all your projects. Thanks for the giveaway. I would love pack 1 or 3. I am now following on instagram and email.
Wonderful cards! I now follow your blog by email on follow y on Instagram. Just started following you today and am looking forward to seeing your creations throughout the year.
Awesome prizes -I would be happy with any of them.
Just started following your instagram and signed up for your emails. So excited to have found you!
Thanks for the chance at your generous givveaway. I signed up to follow your blog and am interested in package #1. Looking forward to following you.
Happy New Year and thanks for the opportunity! Package 3 looks super fun and I'd love to take that home!
Awesome prizes, especially #3! Your cards are so cute and I'm glad to be hopping so I can find talented people like you!
I signed up to follow your blog via email and am now following your Instagram feed (my page is under the name Scrappyrat). I love the card you made with the flowers colored in soft blues and pinks, with the outlines embossed in pink. It's unique and so beautiful.
I would be thrilled to receive any of the giveaway prizes, but package #3 is my very favorite. The stamps are just *so* cute! :) Thanks!
Thanks for the opportunity to win and a Happy New Year to everyone!!! Awesome cards!!! I have been following your blog via email for at least four years and I'm now following your Instagram feed as @raggiodiluc3
My preference would be package 1 but I would so happy to win one of these 3 amazing bundles!!!
I am already a follower of your blog and Instagram for couple of years. Love your work. I really loved the cute card you created for Sugar Pea. Looks like 2017 was a very eventful year for you. I hope 2018 is very happy and productive as well!
I've heard of you before but this is the first time I am visiting your blog. Thanks for the chance to win!
I am such a huge fan of yours! Your top picks from this year were awesome. I love prize package number two.
I am a new follower on both platforms. Happy New Year. I am partial to prize 2 or 3. Thanks for the chance.
I love the look of the word stamps. I have been looking for something like that - nice and bold!
I just found your blog through this blog hop but I did subscribe. I would be happy with any of the prizes. Thank You for the chance to win.
I just signed up to subscribe to both your blog and instagram. You have some beautiful things on here! I think I'd prefer pkg 3 if I win. Thanks for the chance.
Your cards are beautiful, looking forward to seeing what you create in 2018. Thank you so much for the opportunity to win your generous giveaway I would especially love package 1 or 2. I am a new subscriber to your blog.
I am just staring to follow you on instagram. Really cute cards. Happy New Year!
What wonderful creative cards. thanks for the chance at the giveaway. I guess I would prefer Pkg #1 if I was chosen as one of the three. Just started on your Instagram account as I am not a big social media type.
Beautiful cards. I would prefer package 2 if I was chosen. I am a new subscriber.
Congratulations on your new home! Hope your visit with your family is incredible. My choice would be package 3 :)
Congratulation on your new home!!! Love the projects you shared!!! Happy New Year!
I already follow you and I would love package number one. Thanks for all your share. You are amazing!. Love your news years resolution.
Great giveaway. Thanks. I,m a first time follower of your site and blog. love your designs. I can't wait to see more.
Thanks for the chance Vera! I've been following you for a long time, since I started making cards around 2010 or 2011. Have a wonderful, creative new year.
Thanks for the chance to win! I love all the prizes, so I can't pick a favorite. Wishing you a happy new year!
Happy New Year. I am a new follower but thank you for this opportunity!
Thanks for the opportunity to win. I've just subscribed and followed :)
Any of the packages would be fine for me :)
I'm a new follower, but participated in the Caring Hearts Card Drive in 2016. Last year got away from me, so I'm resolving to make sure I make/send 100+ this year! Thanks for the chance to win & hope you have a wonderful 2018!
Just wanted to say - such adorable cards! :)
What lovely projects! (Of course yours always are!) Wish I had time to stop by and 'chat' more often. : ) I already follow your blog and follow you on Instagram. Thanks for putting together such nice prizes... I'd be delighted with any of them. Hugs!!
Beautiful cards! I already followed your instagram account for a while. Thank you for sharing!
I am new to your blog & am now a follower. Thanks for the chance to win one of those awesome giveaways. My preference would be #2 but they are all wonderful.
Thank you for sharing your inspiration and for providing the opportunity to enter your blog post giveaway. I would prefer package #2 should i be chosen. God bless you, I look forward to your future posts! Diana O emichaels12@hotmail.com
Happy New Year to you, too! Love your cards and shakers are always a favorite. Thanks for participating in this awesome hop.
Hi Vera! Thank you for the chance of winning your amazing prizes! I have just started following you on IG. I'm very thankful for this blog hop as I have gotten to know more and more talented people. So thank you! If I was tô won this giveaway, I would choose package #3. Way too cute! Thanks again!!

Reduce home loan interest – What you should do now ? Of late, we are in a trend of reducing interest rates. We have seen it’s positive and negative implications in various sectors of life. Naturally, all home loan owners expect to get benefited by this south ward interest rate shift. But in reality this need not happen. Why? let us have a look.
Home loan interest rates – How it is regulated?
For those who have taken home loans after 1 st July 2010 but before 1 st April 2016, the home loan rates are linked either with the Base Rate (BR) or Retail Prime Lending Rate (RPLR) of the bank. Retail Prime Lending Rate is the lender’s pre-selected, internal rate.
Naturally the benefits due to negative interest rate shifts are not passed to the the loan holders in an expected time frame.
To make it simple, MCLR is the bench mark rate, below which, a bank cannot lend and is calculated based on a prescribed formula based on four variables.
Step 1:- Ensure that your home loan is MCLR based. If not, ask for a shift to your home loan provider.
One point to remember is that Housing Finance Companies like HDFC and Non Banking finance companies still offer home loans based on RPLR rates. In that case you will have to get contented with what the company offers.
Reset period of home loans – What you need to know?
Lower Reset period will ensure that benefits on interest rate changes will be passed to you sooner.
Step 2:- Try to convert your home loan for a lower reset period (after checking the interest rates and other terms.)
As MCLR system does not apply to Non Banking Finance Corporation (NBFC’s), you may feel like lost in a desert if your home loan is from such a company. But good news is that you need not worry that much.
But one fact which is often overlooked is that, new home loan rates based on revised spread will become applicable only to new loans taken after the revision. Existing home loan users will have to wait for a period to get their interest rates revised.
So no need to add that always there will be a lag in your home loan rate compared to the market rate.
Again a mater to get disappointed? No, you need not panic as still there is a way out for you through ‘Conversion’.
Conversion to reduce Home Loan interest rate – What is it and when to go for it?
Conversion is the process of resetting your home loan to the lower rate applicable, before the actual reset date.
Generally, even small changes in interest rate will make big changes in the total out go from your pocket if the outstanding loan tenure is more than 5 years.
Step 3:- Go for a conversion if an offer is available ( After analysing cost-benefit)
One point to remember is that often the conversion charges can be waived or reduced at the discretion of the concerned officials. So don’t hesitate for a bargain.
Refinance to reduce home loan interest rates – What you need to know.
If nothing works out and you still feel that there are greener pastures ahead you can consider refinancing or balance transferring your home loan.
Step 4:- Go for Refinancing, if nothing else works (Of course after thinking twice 😉 )

This Privacy Policy sets forth our policy with respect to information that is collected from visitors to the Site and users of the Client and/or the Services.
By continuing to use our services after the 25th of May 2018, you agree to the terms set out in this document.
Data we collect automatically: when you interact with us through the Services, we receive and store certain information such as IP address, device ID, device name, your activities within the Services, and the version(s) of our software that you have installed.
Legitimate interests. In many cases, we handle personal data on the ground that it furthers our legitimate interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals. This includes:
Marketing (e.g. sending emails or other communications to let you know about new features)
Protecting our users, personnel and intellectual property
Analysing and improving our business (e.g. collecting information about how you use our Services to optimise and design and placement of certain features)
Legal compliance. We need to use and disclose personal data in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations
Consent: where required by law, and in some other cases, we handle personal data on the basis of your implied or express consent
We are not in the business of selling your information. We may, however, share information with certain third parties:
If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you, then Orbx will notify you as soon as possible and later report the action we took in response.
Orbx accounts require an email and password to log in. You must keep your username and password secure, and never disclose it to a third party.
To exercise any of these rights, please email us at info@orbxsystems.com. Please make sure you clearly state you are exercising one of these rights.

KING'S School has been given the go-ahead to build a new £2 million sixth form centre on their Cumberland Street site.
Macclesfield Borough councillors voted to approve the scheme, which will take a year to complete and see the demolition of the existing drama hall, disused swimming pool, squash court and mobile classrooms.
They will be replaced by a two storey building including new drama and career facilities, sixth form classrooms and common rooms.
Although approval was granted, official confirmation that the scheme can proceed will come today (Wednesday) which is the last date for representations from the public.
The school withdrew plans for seven staff car parking spaces behind the building, which would be accessed from New Hall Street, after residents from the street raised concerns about the increase in traffic it may cause.
"This is a long term plan to bring the site up to modern specifications. We're hoping to start in the summer and will continue to work with our neighbours.
"I'm not aware if piles will be used in construction. Local residents have voiced their concerns and we own buildings on New Hall Street ourselves so we would be concerned. The engineers haven't come up with their method statement yet, but we will try and minimise any impact."
Independent councillor Muriel Clampett said: "I can understand that the residents are concerned, but I'm concerned that now so much concern is being given when residents on Whirley Road had concerns about development at Henbury that were just as important but they were swept under the carpet."
The scheme was approved subject to conditions that development starts within three years, samples of the building materials are submitted for inspection by the planning department and the hours of construction are limited to between 7.30am and 6pm, Monday to Friday, and between 7.30am and 2pm on Saturday, to protect local residents from noise. Mr Yates also said that he had noted concerns about the use of pile drivers.
Speaking after the meeting Mr Spencer Pickup said: 'There were concerns about pile driving and we're trying to design the building to minimise any impact during construction."

Today, these two areas of education constitute a growing number of successful students actively involved in higher education.
There’s been a longstanding disagreement as to whether students should be funneled into specific and very narrow technical educational streams, or weather all students should be forced to obtain a more generalized education designed to move them toward undergraduate degrees and eventually to CCNA Training graduate degrees.
As the world has come to embrace the American philosophy, America is abandoning this core belief and dividing education into the wealthy, who can afford education, what career is right for me and the rest of the country that will not be able to afford it.
Tyler: you specify that numerous educators would not competent? the thing that may be the purpose behind this, What’s more the reason can the school framework permit them to stay in the classroom?.
Dialect Expressions abilities (reading, spelling, grammar, writing).
Folks ought to partake in the life of the school, if possible:.
Guardian must go to one school functions: Back-to-School Night, open House, music programs, extraordinary events, sports contests, store raisers.
On the need for an individualistic educational psychology emphasizing on the central role of the learner
Psychological education would be completely focused on learning methods as structured or imparted according to psychological and individual needs of the students. Education would differ according to culture, values, attitudes, social systems, mindset and all these factors are important in the study of education in psychology.
Educational psychology studies both the personal approaches to education as in giftedness, disability, learning theories applied to children and adults, and the more general objective approaches to learning as the role of schools as social or cultural systems.
The psychology of education could include the following branches:
(1) Discipline: This is one of the outstanding attributes of education when it is rightly observed.
b. Attendance: The 75% of attendance universally accepted as the bases for someone to sit for examination is no longer observed.
(3) Politicizing education: Merit is no longer regarded as it is now ” who you know” and not “what you can deliver” Technocrats (educationists are not appointed Commissioner business analyst certification of education and education board).
(5) Teachers not being part of the examination bodies. One wonders whether the continuous Assessment submitted by these teachers are used or not.
This point can be practically seen in the following areas:
(i) Teacher / Student ratio of 1:25 is no longer there as in my class, it is 1:3900.
(ii) Students / books / Journals ratio of 1:10 is no longer feasible.
(iii) Politics of admission: Schools can no longer set targets for admission to conform with their facilities as powerful notes from above will force the school authorities to either over admit or find themselves in the labour market again. Yet it is those that are giving these notes are suppose to build more schools or provide needed infrastructure etc. to accommodate those collecting these notes.
(7) Over-dependent on cognitive domain: Schools do not technical schools near me give regards to affective domain that will mould characters of our young ones. Little attention is given to psychomotor while no attention is given to affective domain.
(8) Shortage of qualified teachers: Some schools in the rural areas only have the headmaster as government employee while the rest that may be secondary school drop outs are PTA staff. What miracle can these staff perform? Dike, V. (2006) observed that only 23% out of the then 400,000 primary schools in Nigeria have grade II even when NCE is now the minimum qualification for teachers best shapewear at primary and Junior Secondary schools.
(9) Teachers welfare: It is no longer news that
(a) Politicians do not have negotiation council to negotiate their salary increase.
(b) There is no disparity among political office holders from the federal, state and local governments.
(c) Their salaries are increased at astronomical manner.
(d) Their salaries are increased any time without recourse to whether the nation’s economy can bear it or not.
(e) But for teachers, they must negotiate the 10 to 20% of an attempt to increase their salary with consideration of the economy of the nation. How can these teachers contribute plus size shapewear and perform miracle when their family members are in the hospitals and the O.S. syndrome is written on their cards by pharmacists while they do not have money to treat.
(10) Constant Strikes: This is an impediment to smooth covering of syllabus. Oefule (2009) explained that one Nigerian guest asked a question on strike at Oxford University community but the vice chancellor could not even remember about strike, only the registrar remembered it for 17 years back. This is what governance means to the people.
(12) In the secondary and primary schools levels, schools do not even have buildings talk less` of furniture’s, equipments and reading materials. This is the level where the foundation best waist trainer of education should be laid. Any faulty foundation will lead to faulty structures. What do you expect from the tertiary level?
(13) Lack of training of teachers: Teachers are not trained to update their knowledge with latest discoveries based on research, then how can they give what they don’t have?
(14) Poor state of Educational teaching facilities: Dike V. (2006) reported that research result shows that over 2015 primary schools in Nigeria do not have building but study under trees, talk less of teaching materials.
(15) Corruption: leaders of the waist cincher schools and some Government officials either connive to buy equipments with loan money that cannot be of any use to the school or take such loans and do not even do anything with it.
We have seen the causes of falling standards and from these causes we can deduce that the following are to be blamed:
1. Government suppose to carry the lion share of the blame because all the other variables are dependent variables to it.
2. Teachers also have their shares of the blame with regards to their diligent duties.
3. Parents: feeding has to be provided by parents. This is because parents do not leave schools to operate without interference.
5. The society is not left out as it is the way it sees and respects the products of these schools that recycles back again.
Performance should be regarded and respected more than just paper qualification. Equally, education should not be politicized for whatever reason.
Teachers should be involved in examination activities and examination bodies should always publish examination reports and distribute it to various schools for them to hold school workshop for training of subject teachers on their areas of weaknesses observed in the students’ scripts with regards to following the marking scheme.
More schools should be built to increase accessibility by all. Cognitive, affective and psychomotor best shapewear domain should be used for assessment of students.
Teachers’ welfare should be given priority by government to avoid unnecessary strikes in our educational sector while more qualified teachers should be employed to trade schools in texas curb the present shortage of teachers in our schools.
Our civilian government should prove to the people that they are better than military government.
Teachers should be trained so that they can meet up with any new challenges Educational facilities should be upgraded to modern standards while teaching facilities should be adequately provided.
Corruption should be eliminated to the barest minimum by all stakeholders while government should increase its budgetary allocations to education to improve the standard of education in Nigeria.
Even if you’ve had a bad experience before, great birth education is so important, so don’t give up – find something better! Don’t settle for maccas when you can have a lamb early childhood development roast with all the trimmings! There’s lots more you can learn from independent education that you’ve not heard in hospital based classes.
Policies can be/are based on reducing potential legislation, making birth progress to their own time preferences so there are beds available, making things easier or ‘safe’ for staff – Plus Size Shapewear even if it’s not in the mother’s best interest. Yes that sounds strange, but in a leading Melbourne private hospital, I have seen midwives refuse to let women birth on the floor (on a mat/squatting etc) because of occupational health and safety apparently (the midwife also said she didn’t want to stand on her head to ‘deliver’ her baby). She then went on to repeatedly tell the mother to lie on her back and get off her hands and knees to make it easier. Luckily dad firmly said no.
5. You Will Find Out ALL Your Options
7. You Know Who You Are Getting
Where Can I Find An Independent Educator?
In Australia, NACE are the National Association of Childbirth Educators, and can help you locate a member black men in suits in your area. Some educators I recommend in Melbourne, Victoria (but are not limited to) include:
For example, if you really want a natural birth and have chosen an Obstetrician and private hospital – then you have chosen the statistically worst option for avoiding interventions including pain relief, caesarean sections, assisted delivery – there black men in suits are plenty of pieces that make up a puzzle. Check out our article, Natural Birth – Giving Yourself The Best Chance for more information.
As higher education becomes more of a determining factor in one’s eligibility for all sorts of jobs and the employers are keeping their consent over quality employment, many job applicants are looking for shortcuts to remain competitive in the marketplace. And since the economic halt had started and finding a job become a harsh business, people are trying to get their way out by forging their educational documents or even buying education bookkeeping coursesto fake “diploma mills.” They don’t even know that this could not only humiliate them in front of their prospective employer but also end their career in a gutter. A total loss of time, money and mental peace.
In 2004, the US General Accounting Office revealed that nearly 200,000 federal employees had at the very least exaggerated education credentials on their resume.
Association of Certified Fraud Examiners: 41% of applicants lie about their education.
Consequently, in order to combat education fraud, business analyst certification laws have recently been passed in which companies who manufacture fake degrees and diplomas are considered to have committed a Misdemeanor.
Why and How Education Background Checks Can Maintain Equilibrium Between Employers and Job Seekers?
Many employers view particular educational qualifications as a key factor in seeking new employees. Moreover, education is a prerequisite for many positions because it ensures applicable knowledge of a subject matter, or more importantly, a required license for the position.
Educational history may be the most commonly falsified information on an application or resume. Some estimates place the incidence of resumes containing erroneous education information as high as 30 percent. Clearly, employers should be extremely cautious. And they are not accepting copies of a degree from candidates as proof of their graduation given that it can simply be a clever forgery paid for by the applicant.
At present, human resource departments in companies directly contact the concerned educational institution and undertake verification. This is no longer technical schools near me a viable solution, considering the increase in the number of recruitment’s, and the time taken for verification. This is also not a fool proof method.
A second method, often adopted by many of the larger corporations, is to outsource their employment verifications to background screening companies, who maintain large personnel databases.
Employers can be able to hire the best qualified employee for their respective positions.
Online education background checks can save money and good amount of time.
Assurance that the institution is meeting certain educational quality standards.
Reasonable grounds for believing that the institute will continue to meet them.
Assurance that their Degrees will be widely accepted by the employers, professional associations, other colleges and universities.
Belief that their Degree will reap the benefits associated with sound and high-quality educational standards.
Falsified education credentials have become a serious issue in the workforce; it breaches the faith on employees who are involved, especially when it can directly affect other employees and the company as a whole. It is also a serious blunder on the part of the employer who should have done proper education background checks; a mistake that could essentially hinder their current position.
Education background checks for employment; verify the certification, training, or educational claims of a job applicant. The universities, colleges, vocational schools, etc. are checked to verify dates of attendance and graduation, degrees or certifications obtained, majors studied, GPA, and honors received by a potential job candidate. The verification of education process is an important part of a quality pre-employment background check.
Muhammad Saad Khan is a professional writer indulged in writing for growing businesses all around the world; his recent work is about background screening industry, employment background checks, education background checks [http://backgroundcheckswiki.com] and their technology based development in the online world.
Public education in America has encountered many challenges, particularly in the last three decades. Declining test scores, declining graduation rates, poor results for high school graduates once entering college unprepared, and the clear lack of life-long learning skills are just symptoms of the underlying problems and issues with K-12 education.

Many of us enjoy indulging in the increased calorie, sugary flavour of cupcakes. While we know that cupcakes will desired are not the best option for a nourishing snack. So what can we do to lower some of the calories or make them a bit more nourishing? Just baking them at home instead of of […]
The new law will allow anyone who has made an investment in property in the emirate to receive a full refund if a property developer fails to deliver an off-plan property on time. Other occasions in which investors can request to be compensated include breach of warranty and fraud. The plans for the new law […]
The death of a spouse is heart breaking, pulling apart the very fabric of one’s household. While the fatality can easily be either unforeseen or drawn out, many of us are unprepared for the fabulous stress, inconvenience, and costs of dealing with the after-effects. Chanel Reynolds, a Seattle widow and mother of 2, understands firsthand […]

It takes two to make a thing go right … Performanc

The internet has created a huge demand for people who can write clearly and correctly. Whereas in the past freelance writers and editors were largely limited to finding clients in their immediate communities, today freelancers can search for clients all over the globe. Writing and editing work that can be done from the comfort of one’s home include copyediting, web content writing, proofreading, translation, ghost writing, journalism, and more.
For those who have a gift for organizing large events, such as weddings, business parties, community events, and so on, then becoming a professional event planner could prove a lucrative business idea. While event planners are largely limited to serving their local communities, they do not typically require an office since so much of their work is done around town or via phone and email. With people leading such busy lives, the demand for event planners is expected to grow.
Graphic designers often work freelance and their clients can range from small businesses to major corporations. While in the past graphic designers often required expensive equipment and plenty of industry contacts, today just about anybody can download affordable graphic design software and learn how to use them using free online tutorials. Of course, having some artistic talent also helps, but at least with the internet one has access to an almost bottomless pool of potential clients.
This is a job that almost anybody can do, ranging from those providing basic mowing services to landscapers who completely redesign a person’s yard and garden for high fees. While it is easy to get started in landscaping, it helps to have some talent or expertise about it. Generally speaking, the more professional services a landscaper can provide–such as complex garden arrangements and knowledge about how specific plants will hold up in a certain climate–then the more they can charge.
Every business needs a website if it is going to thrive, but few people actually have the skills to make a website a reality. For those who have experience creating websites, then offering a website consulting business could reap big benefits. For this job a portfolio will probably be necessary, which means the first few months may be spent working for free or at low prices just to build one’s reputation.
A home-based business is a great way to escape the daily grind of the office and finally take control of one’s professional future. While the above describes just five exciting home-based business ideas, there are plenty more for those who have the talent, expertise, and ambition to turn their skills into cash.
What are the Differences Between Civil Unions and Marriages?
Three Ways to Get Free Legal Advice
Three Things You Need To Know If You Are The Victim Of Workplace Harassment

We’re very excited to announce the availability of Siren 10.1, the latest iteration of the leading Investigative Intelligence platform that is used by some of the world’s largest and most complex organizations to derive business value adding insights from their data. This new version ships with dozens of core upgrades, new high impact features and improvements that as a whole fundamentally enhances how ‘citizen data scientists’ approach their every day to day investigative processes.
The citizen data scientists, users who create or generate models that leverage analytics platforms but whose primary job function lies outside of the field of statistics and analytics, will particularly derive great value from the new functionalities which enable them to further leverage their data within the context of their particular organizations. The following are the standout highlights of the Siren 10.1 release:
Below you can see an example taken from our classic demo, where companies are clustered by the US state where their headquarters are listed as being addressed in.
An extra click on the map icon will now allow the user to pivot from the “individual entity” mode to an aggregate heatmap. This is great to overcome the effect of projecting “pins” on a map. For example, looking at the following map one might think this startup group is pretty much evenly distributed across Europe.
When dealing with thousands or even more nodes, it is not always clear which of them are more connected or relevant – in terms of connectivity – than others. By turning on the graph metric lens certain nodes now visually stand out based on their overall role in the graph.
As an example, here is a rather tangled graph with thousands of nodes and tens of thousands of relationships.
A new tab has been added to the graph sidebar dedicated to controlling how nodes expand – the operation that takes place when one manually double -clicks a node or selects a group of nodes and select the “expand” button-.
There are 3 subsections in this tab:
Any new node produced by an expansion must also be present in the selected dashboard. This is a powerful way to restrict expansions based on the power and flexibility of the dashboard filters.
Choose which relations to expand on. By default, expanding a node shows all the relations. It is often the case however that only some are interesting in some specific phase of the investigation (or as a graph present). In Siren 10.1 one can quickly select what should be expanded next.
As a quick example, in our demo data there are 1709 “article” nodes that connect Google and Microsoft (effectively “co-mentions”). Turn on the right “Aggregated relations” and this is how it looks.
As an example, the following is our classic demo ontology, composed by 7 relations.
There are many complex relations, but some worth highlighting are:
On the schema, these are the relations.
and this is how they can be activated from the side panel now (complex relationships are otherwise switched off by default).
The answer is no. For example, the field used to annotate which company is mentioned in an article only contained 1 value (this is the norm on a SQL backend). In this “single value field” case the concept of “co-mention” wouldn’t make sense, as two companies would appear in the same article.
For this very reason the Siren Platform allows a user to mark a field as “single value” as well as identify “primary keys” in the data. Setting these properties will eliminate from the user interface the relations that don’t make sense or cannot be computed by the backend.
Should a user want to have news articles from just a few selected countries chosen from a map (or any other control in Siren)? This is now possible by simple performing ‘CTRL+CLICK’ to create an ‘OR’ filter.
Filtered buckets are also collected when coming from multiple controls (E.g. one can click on a map and on slices of the pie chart).
There are so many ways to write dates is Elasticsearch it’s exhilarating, unless you have to write one manually on an index that someone else has created and which has been fixed to use one specific kind of format. We now show samples of valid dates to take inspiration from on the right template. Not rocket science like some of the rest but rather useful.
Vast improvements have been made to the relational model page. This is at the heart of the configuration section where the Siren data model is edited and is now appropriately call Data Model (used to be separated between “index patterns” and “relations”). Not anymore.
Entity Identifiers (EIDs): They are simply “classes” of values that are used to connect one index to another. An example of these might be “Social Security Number”, “IP”, “E-mail”, that are used on the graph and to relationally pivot from one dashboard to the other.
Yet another new feature is the users’ ability to navigate data values and search directly within this very same section, by using the “Data” tab. From here the creation of sub-searches can be quickly performed (simply called Searches) Once defined, all searches appear as a tree under the “Index Pattern Searches” they belong to, which can then be leveraged by the widgets for the different dashboards.
The relation tabs have also been upgraded, with much needed awareness of types in the joins, warning for incorrect join types and many other small improvements.
This section is the starting point for an exciting new feature, the Auto Relation Wizard.
High on our request list has been the ability to automatically create a relational data model (e.g. infer index relations) and in general to understand better the content of all the fields at a glance.
By a user doing so, it reveals “Tags” (which are generated by the analysis e.g. “unique” or “mail”, “IP”, “URI” etc. which can also be extended via configuration) as well as cardinality, range and samples.
Within the “Relations” tab, it is now possible to activate the “Auto Relation Wizard”. A user will first be asked for which index pattern search to look at (auto-selecting any new one that has been added since the last time it was run) and therein perform an analysis and display the suggested automatically discovered relations.
The first screen shown to a user displays the proposed relationships, where the he/she can explore, check and uncheck them at high level…
…or he/she can dive-deep looking specifically at example “joins” where both the left and right records are shown:
In the screenshot above, the Auto Relation Wizard found many more links than those that are configured by default in our demo data. The interesting thing is, we didn’t even know ourselves about these until we ran the wizard.
A new “enhanced table” plugin is available and set to replace the stock one. This is a port of the great work by fbaligand, featuring:
Search bar and many more advanced features with high practical impact.
To explore the value distributions of a single variable, a bar chart is sufficient. To see the correlation between two variables, a scatterplot or a heat map is in order. But how to explore correlations among many variables?
Disclaimer: This is a beta release, some rough edges remain. Looking forward to hearing your feedback
Being thrilled might be an understatement, when addressing how we feel when being able to announce the introduction of a quick an intuitive way to add data to a Siren installation.
The user must then simple choose how the fields are indexes (are they meant to be “tokenized” to create word clouds or used with no splitting such as for tags so that “New York” does not become “New” and “York” )…
Re-indexing after modification. For example, overwriting the old records while adding the new ones.
Re-using previously created settings per field. This would allow for a new spreadsheet with the same format likely be indexed correctly out of the box.
All features are also compatible with access management control, thereby users only being typically able to have access to the files he/she has uploaded.
With respect to bug fixes, the most notable ones are:
It is not uncommon for financial analysts wanting to receive emails when a new piece of news appears matching complex filters.
To accomplish this within Siren Investigate, a user only needs to perform the following steps:
In summary, 10.1 might look like just a .1 release, but quite obviously there is nothing minor about it.
Bringing home the coveted Technology Innovation of the Year award at #techIRLawards! Great reward for some amazing work by an extremely talented group of professionals. @ibec_irl https://t.co/DUyV316rkm
We'll inform you of major releases and upcoming features.
To give you the best possible experience, this site uses cookies. To find out more please see our privacy statement and cookie policy.

Click here to download a PDF document version of this MK Lib Dem Manifesto for the 2018 Local Elections
A number of our key priorities to ensure the residents of Milton Keynes are well served by the council are below.
The highest priority of the Milton Keynes Liberal Democrats is to support the vulnerable, making sure help is given to those with need so that they can lead independent lives in their home and community.
We will continue to push for building of appropriate homes and hostels on Council-owned land for accommodation, and work with charities to help homeless people rebuild their lives, so that Milton Keynes is a place where people are helped to have a safe and secure place to live.
Liberal Democrats support independent living for our senior citizens. There should be a review to introduce a Warden Service to support residents who wish to remain in their own homes in their community.
The council, in co-operation with the NHS needs to deliver better services for the growing number of residents suffering from dementia and their families.
We have been, and will continue to campaign for a local GP for everyone.
The Liberal Democrats would continue to ensure the protection from harm of all children in MK, and ensure that children in MK Council’s care receive the best possible support to flourish physically, mentally and spiritually.
For our policies go to the web page https://www.libdems.org.uk/health/ and find the “Equal Care for Mental Health” section. The council should implement all appropriate policies from the Liberal Democrat national policy.
With there being increasing overcrowding in Milton Keynes homes, between sofa surfing and adult residents with children unable to afford to leave their parental home the council needs to use its powers to help make sure everyone who needs a home has one.
We support the plan to regenerate some of our older estates where the process involves and is supported by those local communities.
When fully supported by local communities, regeneration will lead to high quality homes, greater job opportunities, better health facilities and improved educational prospects.
We will not support any ‘top-down’ imposition of regeneration that doesn’t have the support of residents. In order to be successful, all regeneration schemes must be backed by residents, following full and robust consultation. Residents must have a say in the future of their communities.
We support the aim to build at least 1,750 houses each year in Milton Keynes, ensuring that the highest proportion possible are affordable. This is dependant on the required physical and social infrastructure such as sufficient roads, parking, schools and health centres being in place, while ensuring there are enough green open spaces protected to support access for residents and there is good environmental diversity.
Our highest priority is to protect the vulnerable from the impact of cuts being imposed by the Tory government in Westminster. To this end, we will continue to work with other organisations to ensure limited resources are used as effectively as possible in order to support our communities.
We will support voluntary sector organisations and charities who work with low-income families to find real, long-term solutions to the plight of our most vulnerable individuals and families.
As Milton Keynes Council shrinks with imposed cuts, we would work with the Voluntary Sector and Parish/Town councils who may be able to take over some services (such as landscaping) which may otherwise be cut.
While the services provided by the council are reduced, the council needs to make its share of cuts. We will push to:
Carry out a fundamental review of the budget with a view to minimise or stop unnecessary activities.
Ensure that when staff numbers are cut, management staff are cut by a fair share and front-line staff are protected as much as possible. A total of 460 council staff have already been lost due to government cuts.
Make sure the council helps fight against tax avoidance by changing the rules on what the council buys and who from.
We also believe that the managed environment should be safe for our residents, landscaping and road repairs should be carried out properly, and our streets should be cleaned and abandoned cars removed quickly.
We will continue to defend weekly waste collections, and free green bins to make it is easy as possible for residents to dispose of waste properly.
We support the Waste Recovery Park in Wolverton as an innovative and efficient way to increase recycling and reduce our impact on the environment.
Many of our streets have become increasingly run down. When the Liberal Democrats last ran the Council we tackled environmental neglect by such initiatives as introducing the Graffiti Busters and removing abandoned cars quickly. We would once again look at ways of tackling environmental neglect, such as making the cleansing service more flexible, enabling areas with more frequent problems to receive an adequate service.
We will continue to work to improve our management of water and rivers to reduce water consumption and protect MK from flooding, and make sure that that good Flood & Water Strategy is implemented.
The Council’s current policy on fixing potholes is not fit for purpose. Council policy means they won’t be fixed until they are at least 50mm deep, and staff seem to spend more time measuring potholes than fixing them.
We recently persuaded the Council to change its pothole policy so that they will now repair a cluster of potholes when only one meets the intervention criteria, but we believe the current intervention level of 50mm is too high and not enough potholes are being repaired. We aim to reduce the intervention level to 30mm, or ideally scrap it so time isn’t wasted measuring them.
We also believe that pavements and redways need to receive equal attention to ensure they are safe to use, particularly for residents with restricted mobility.
The long term success of Milton Keynes depends on ensuring there is a proper environment for small home grown businesses as well as attracting investment from larger companies.
Alongside employment we will continue to fight for good integrated education at all levels, for lifelong learning, and for a full-time university in Milton Keynes.
As with residential spaces, roads and information links need to be set up correctly. Therefore, we will need to support strategic plans such as Plan:MK to ensure that developments are well thought out for the long-term interests of the residents of Milton Keynes.
We remain committed to a good comprehensive non-selective education for all children. We believe in a good school for everyone. All schools should have a good Special Educational Need Department (SEND) to ensure students with additional needs have good support wherever they are.
We’ll continue to fight to ensure that schools and enough school places should be available as residents move into areas, and not make students wait for a good school to be built nearby after they have moved in.
Our policy is to encourage employers to help schools and colleges prepare young people for work, and apprenticeship schemes for lifelong learning.
We will continue to defend public transport as it is often used by those without access to a car, the elderly, the young and the low paid. Early morning, evening and weekend services are important to ensure those on low pay can get to work 7 days a week.
In the last few years we have fought to defend individual bus services in the face of council cuts, however we would look for additional funding to support service improvements.
Could more be published about the people who are standing st the forthcoming election on 3 May.
Would like to see some more representation please.!
Mrs Green, which ward do you live in? You will find our priorities on this website.

The concept of this tractor is to be flexible and light weight. It needs to follow the contour of the terrain. That is why 1/2" EMT is better than any larger size.
The first step is to take apart the EMT 90°s. Save all the plates and screws, you'll need them later. This is a good job for a six year old. Then, drill out a hole in the exact center of each removed plate from the 90°s.
Especially since he was only five in this photo.
I use a piece of steel roofing material for the door. Hinges are made of wire.
The door, feeder and water should all be on one end--the heavy end. I have a set of small wheels with axles from a kids bicycle trailer. I wired a piece of one inch conduit in such a way to receive the wheels.
The wonders, benefits and sustainability of chicken tractors are the subject of a few books. Here are a couple of them.
I'm shutting this blog down for the rest of the year but don't worry, I'll be back next year. I'm off to spend Christmas and New Years with my family on th...
After I haven’t posted in awhile I feel like I need to make a really good, interesting post with a cool picture. I have not been inspired. I decided I’...
We had such a large harvest from our garden this year that here it is mid-December and I'm still processing it. This is a long post, so grab yourself a cup...
One of the things, if not THE #1 thing, we should be most concerned about storing for emergencies is water. I'm dangerously, woefully behind on realisti...
*Like my old addiction Now the other side of Day As the springtime Of my life's time Turns the other way If a swan can have a song I think I know tha...
Deus Ex Machina came home from work the other day and asked me if I'd heard of Industry 4.0. I hadn't. According to Google, Industry 4.0 is a name give...
I have never been a Christmas countdown kind of person, but I am actually getting excited for the upcoming Christmas season. Is it too soon to talk about ...
I used to be one of those farmers that blamed the weather for our lack of grass in the summer. Where I live in Northwest Oregon our summers are always dry...
Ok, sure, I'm appalled at everything- but at the moment I'm *most* appalled at discovering that my last post here was in December.... Gad. Sorry about th...
Today was a thoroughly lazy Sunday, a precious day spent at home, pottering about the kitchen reading books and drinking tea. Soon my thoughts turn to ...
My hubby and I have been looking around for a new mattress for the last 3 months. It has been a chore as we don’t really know squat about mattresses so d...
So I found a backdoor into this old blog, cleaned out a bunch of spam, and now I leave this post. I consider Roundrock Journal to be retired, but you can c...
We have always used this blog to, among other things, document our lives and how are kids are growing up. In many ways, I am sad that I have not one a bett...
Amie took this picture with my phone.
I've been just swamped with life lately. I've been finding it very difficult to get everything done that needs doing! Update on my knee surgery - it wen...
This may look like a giant bowl of peaches. But it is really a *time machine.* * * * * * Yesterday I waddled over to my generous neighbor's back yard a...
I started my summer vacation a few weeks early this year. Usually reserved for mid-July, I started in early June. We went to the John Hartford Memoria...
Been absent here for a while, but had a good reason. My mom was visiting, Hannah graduated from high school, we enjoyed our days and some day trips together...
I stopped writing for the blog regularly awhile back, since I was working fulltime and we scaled back on our farming. This January, I didn't apply for my g...
Dear readers, The time has come. With mixed emotions, I've decided to close my blog after many (over 8!) years of fun and friendship forging. Thank you all ...
The word for the year has been really hard. I'm not really feeling inspired. Funny, since my art is wordcraft. I was drawn to the word thrive. I kept retur...
Hello there! I realize that my posts here are coming very infrequently in the past few years. It’s been almost 12 years (!!) since I began this little bl...
Guess who left the desert for a life by the sea? The Thompsons, that's who! So much to share, and I'll do so, bit by bit. But for now, here are a few thing...
I’m all about a new adventure, be it food, travel, you name it. I’m not sceered! Well, usually not, but even if I am, I usually go for it rather than tak...
This last weekend Jess and I took a break from the farm for a few days and went down to Seed Savers Exchange just outside Decorah Iowa. If you are not ...
Wow, it's been over a year since I've blogged here. Health issues and economizing have meant trimming extra expenses and I can now post here after havin...
...and several years. Holy moly. Life moves quick when you don't take the time to reflect upon it. I look at the last few posts and am not sure where to s...
One of my goals is to attract more bugs and bees to our garden. Besides for planting flowers, flowering herbs and the vegetable flowers, I have wanted to m...
I'm still couponing, but it sure feels like the value of coupons aren't what they used to be, and it's been harder to find good deals on items. I get the...
I can hardly believe it has been over a year since I have posted on my blog. Where has the time gone?! I am truly sorry to my readers as I am sure I have l...
Well, I think I got my sewing motivation back. I finished up these two quilt tops today. They both needed just a few more blocks.
I often am at a loss on how best to meet Sylvie's unstated wants and needs, those things I often can just sense with the other two. But, I suggested she gi...
Wow, I can't believe it's been over five months since I last blogged. So very much has happened...all good! Rather than bombard you with a 7000-word post (...
And I am ready. School starts in two days and then life will be full of drop-offs, pick-ups, basket ball games, meetings with teachers and many other thing...
Please feel welcome to come and check out my new blog at: http://blessedhomestead.wordpress.com Thanks for stopping by!
...and to celebrate, we are giving away a free PDF activity pack to show you what Herb Fairies is all about! Simply click on the picture below and it will ...
Gladys and Patti, moments after birth - 3/17/13We had a nice St. Patrick's Day yesterday. We were in and out, checking on the kids that were born last we...
It's the little things that add up and make anything in your life crappy. Today is a very good example. It started with little sleep, a flat tire and then...
So here's a project that's taken up far more of our spring time than I would have imagined. It's our spankin' new chicken coop. As you can see, it's an...
Since we only have one year left till we move to TN and physically start our place, we decided to virtually start it now! Come join us over at www.imagine...
Why don't she write?! Facebookization. I've meant several times to start up again -- geez, it's been a year! But well... blogs (writing and reading) for...
Yes, folks, our lovely beyond-organic farm is for sale. As difficult as it is to say goodbye, we are all looking forward to moving somewhere to reduce Jim'...
Have you ever had a rooster? They really have a certain charm and liveliness that gives character to their home environment. Perhaps a little noisy at ti...
At eleven days the chickens all use the entire cage. I can't figure out what the signal is, but once in a while, a dozen or more will congregate at the wat...
Well, that is a bit of an exaggeration. :) We have been under a boil order for several days now. We are lucky enough to still have running water...people t...
Yep, that is the amount of rain we have received in the past 2 weeks. Pretty stinkin awesome. All of our irrigated pastures had been holding up well with ...
Had a little baby girl in mid June, after she decided to stay put until 41w6d. Stubborn kid. We're still getting our bearings and I'm still adjusting to ha...
here is the general plan for the root cellar. the U-shape on the top of the bags is a row of cement beam block that will hold the entire roo...
since i strained something in my groin, last thursday, i have been taking things easy. i decided that i needed to design our chicken coop. o...
Tristan takes the bronze medal. He also caused an upset forcing the gold and bronze to have a rematch.
somewhere in time i recall my father telling me that if you endeavour to build a house and were to own only one saw it must be a radial arm ...
These people are really cool and making a difference.

End of year letter to my students… – View From The Beach Chair
Here we are. Three weeks away from summer. I am sure your minds are filled with all sorts of adventures you will have. Trips planned. Playdates. Staying up late. Swimming. Good old summer fun! Well before you all leave I want to encourage you with this little note.
To the student with his nose in a book. Keep reading my quiet friend. Your reading is taking you places and teaching you amazing things. This knowledge will open your future! You have a love of learning. Keep that love and use what you learn for the greater good. With knowledge comes power. You are equipping yourself to be a powerful adult.
To the strong girls. Girls who are strong become women who are leaders. Don’t let anyone make you feel bad for being a leader. Word of caution. Use your powers for good. There is a big difference between being boss and being bossy. Learn it early on. Use your skills to look out for the outcast and forgotten. Reach out a friendly hand. In doing so I guarantee you that others will follow your lead.
To my gaming boys. Keep on playing those games and coding. There is a real future in computer science. You could be the next Steve Jobs. The computer work is forever changing so learn to go with the flow now. Learn to adjust to new things. Most important don’t forget to power down every once in a while. There is a whole 3-dimensional world out there. Get out in the sun and interact face to face with people. Computers are great however, they will not replace human interaction.
To the one who struggles with school. You are amazing. Your intelligence does not equal your grades. You see the world through different eyes. Eyes that can create and imagine. Eyes that can figure out how things work before even touching anything. Hands that can build and repair. A brain that processed differently but it does not make you less smart. Keep working hard. Keep creating. Keep designing.
So as I say goodbye, you have taught me so much and made me laugh a great deal. Each one of you has your own gifts to bring to the world. Use those gift for the Glory of God. Remmeber…reward comes with hard work. If it seems too good to be true, it probably is. Lastly, regardless of where life takes you remember you once had a 4th-grade teacher that loved you very much!
They are a good class. I teach in a small private school so I am able to really push them. I will miss them but they know they can stop in and say hi anytime!
A wonderful letter – I taught 9th grade for 10 years– you need to send them this in their Senior year! (shared)
what a great post and so inspiring. we need more teachers like you.
This is such a gorgeous letter I love in particular the part which is addresses to those on the outside looking in and those struggling at school. They should really read those words. Thanks for linking up to #coolmumclub with this! x
This is beautiful! Thanks for being someone who truly cares about students and invests in their lives! Visiting from #DestinationInspiration. 🙂
What an encouraging letter to your students!! Everyone needs a teacher like you! Thank you for loving on your kids, and looking beyond their failures, and believing in their futures! What a gift!
That’s so lovely and inspiring. It sounds like you’re a wonderful teacher! #ThatFridayLinky
What a beautiful thing to do for your students Thank you for linking to #Thatfridaylinky please come back next week
What a special teacher you are! Your students are blessed to have you. Now, my note to you: “From one (retired) teacher to another, go forth, rest, kick your heels up, spend time in His Word and be blessed. Well done, you good and faithful servant!” Hugs to you!
I am looking forward to a nice summer break! Time to refresh! Thank you!
What a lovely letter, I bet you will be sad to see them go! Thanks so much for sharing with #Blogstravaganza xx
Aw, this is so sweet it brought to tears to my eyes and gave me chills (in a good way!). Your students are lucky to have you as a teacher. #familyFunLinky
So inspiring. I have teenage sons who are going through exams at the moment. Everyone has a talent and so much emphasis is placed on academic achievement. Thanks for sharing #triumphanttales
Wow! I can tell how awesome a teacher you are! These children are very lucky, and I can see, you know you are too! This note is the perfect example of why teachers should be our role models, not high paid sports stars. Hi paid teachers? Now that sounds nice! #triumphanttales xoxo
That’s a lovely letter. Full of positivity for going forward. I hope this advice is heeded as it is spot on. Thanks for joining us at #familyfun
Oh this is lovely, really sweet. I love the efforts you’ve gone to to empower each and every student. #thesatsesh
You sound like you are a genuinely fabulous teacher. The type I would wish for my kids and grandkids. Seeing the potential in all young minds and treating them as individuals. #thesatsesh
What a lovely letter, you must be so proud of them all. How on earth do you say goodbye every year?! Thanks for sharing with #TriumphantTales.
#thesatsesh one of the last lines hit the nail on the head – each one has their own gifts, if only they would recognise this. Seriously I can see it, but so often they can’t.

Fertility Doctors in Dhanbad are required to meet standards set by the state in which they practice, but being a doctor goes beyond these criteria. A sympathetic and caring attitude with an ability to educate the patient in a sensitive manner is essential.
Fertility specialists are gynaecologists or urologists who have had additional training to deal with issues surrounding the reproductive tract. There is a variety of reasons your doctor may refer you to Fertility Doctors in Dhanbad, some of which include:
Choose a fertility doctor in Dhanbad who is expert in his or her field and offers a full range of fertility treatments, from diagnosing the actual issue of infertility to treating it well with high chance of pregnancy.
Knowledgeable:Your doctor must be up to date on the latest medical research and should have extensive knowledge of causes of and treatments for infertility. Look for certifications, such as board credentials on display. Find out which hospital your doctor is affiliated with and make sure that clinic has good reputation and fits your needs. Doctors with good knowledgeableskills are usually good atsharing collective experience and knowledge. In addition, fertility doctors in Dhanbador clinicsare required by law to report their success rates.
Choosing the best fertility doctor in Delhi can be difficult and confusing for most people. The choice is made harder by the fact that there are many potential causes of infertility, and the best treatment plan may be unique to each patient. Below are a few tips on what to consider when choosing fertility doctors in Dhanbad.
Experience--Fertility doctors in Dhanbad who are dealing with relatively simple infertility issues like those that blocked tubes may not be able to perform case that is more complex so it is a good idea to seek out aninfertility specialist who specializes in your condition. If you have a specific issue that appears to be beyond the capabilities of a general fertility doctor, begin your search for more experienced and qualified doctors.
Cost– Knowing and comparing the cost and payment options offertility doctors in Dhanbadcan be helpful in making decisions. However, high cost of treatment does not mean the treatment is more likely to be successful.

Need to Know How to File for Divorce? Check Out Our Process
Regardless of what stage of the divorce process you are in, chances are you would benefit from two things: (1) guidance on the procedural stuff and (2) a plan to get you from point A (separated) to point B (happily divorced).
These resources will keep you on track and answer questions when your spouse (or life) throws a curve ball. The best divorce is a strategic one. Read on to learn to plan and strategize your position on each issue relevant to your case, move your divorce along and keep costs down.
Getting unmarried can sometimes be as expensive, insanely time consuming and detail driven as planning your wedding. When we tie the knot in the first place, we use wedding planners, online worksheets, and various other...
As Explained by an Experienced Evaluator: When parents cannot come to agreements about their children and/or a parenting schedule, one or both may file a “Request for Order” in family court. Unless they have agreed...
Family court is not as depicted in movies or on TV. Family court is not like civil, or traffic or criminal court where there is an issue, both sides argue the matter and present evidence...
There are several types of retirement benefits that you or your spouse may have. The IRS provides descriptions of the different plans here. The most common plans we see are defined benefit plans (similar to...
When you and your spouse are ready to dive into the ‘nitty-gritty’ and divide your assets and debts, use this spreadsheet for everything from weighing your options, negotiating with your spouse (and/or his or her...
Your first step to make the apportioning process more manageable is to make a spreadsheet that lists all of your property. Sign up for a free account to view our tips and download our example...
It’s no secret that hiring an attorney is expensive. Even if you are using a lawyer on a ‘limited scope’ basis to help you only with strategy or to review and revise your forms, it...
For many of us, email is a primary method of communication for everything from connecting with family members and friends to running our businesses and talking to our children’s teachers. Email can be super helpful...
If you have been served with the Summons (FL-110) and Petition for Dissolution of Marriage (FL-100), you are the Respondent. Once you’ve been served, you have to file a Response (FL-120) within 30 days unless...
So you’ve made the decision to file for divorce. You need to know what county to file your paperwork in and what address should be used on your court forms (or risk the possibility of...
A Petition and Response Has Been Filed, What’s Next?
After both parties have filed and served their initial documents, the Petition, Summons and Response (Step 1), the real work begins. Step 2 is deciding if you need to file a Request for Order (“RFO”)...
First things first. If you want to negotiate an agreement with your spouse, you have to remember (and accept) the following principles: • Be mindful that your purpose is to avoid arguing and to be...
Oh No! I Missed the Deadline to Respond to My Spouse’s Petition for Divorce. What Do I Do Now?
If you missed the deadline to file your Response to the Petition (30 days after the date of personal service), you will first need to confirm whether or not your spouse has filed a Request...
Most people (even some lawyers) don’t expect the Evidence Code to apply in family law in the same way that we see it used in Criminal or Civil Law. The fact is that it most...
Mediation, whether through Hello Divorce, with a trained mediation counselor or a divorce financial planner, can be a great option for resolving the issues pertaining to your divorce. At Hello Divorce, we not only guide...
Your Spouse Did Not Respond to Your Petition for Divorce. What Happens Next?
After you have served the Petition, your spouse has 30 calendar days to “respond”. By respond, we mean filing a “Response” (FL-12).If the thirtieth day falls on a weekend or a holiday, your spouse has...
My spouse can earn more but refuses to. How is this handled for purposes of Child Support?
When we calculate child support, we generally use the actual incomes of both spouses. But what happens when your spouse is under earning? That is, s/he is working less than full time and/or is not...
As a general rule, you should think of the courtroom as a formal environment. Dress as you would when going for an important job interview or to church. You can be barred from the courtroom...
In California, each party to a divorce is required to complete a set of mandatory documents entitled “Preliminary Declaration of Disclosures” prior to any Judge or Commissioner granting their divorce. These documents include an Income...
As if “divorce by default” isn’t a foreign enough term on its own, we get the wonderful opportunity to inform you that there are actually two types. Both types refer to a divorce where one...
What Are the Different Types of Court Hearings I Might Have to Attend?
The most common type of hearings in Family Court are related to child support, spousal support and/or child custody. These hearings are scheduled after one spouse files a “Request for Order.” Depending on the complexity...
In the course of your divorce, the family court may issue a range of orders, including visitation and custody determinations, orders to pay attorney’s fees, and divisions of property. When an ex-spouse (or soon to...
Use our checklist to ensure that you have completed every document you could possibly need to get your Divorce Judgment past those pesky clerks and into the hands of the Judge who will (finally) sign...
We have all heard the good news. California no longer recognizes a distinction between same-sex and opposite-sex marriages. Any couple can now obtain a marriage license and wed, regardless of that couple’s sexual orientation. In...
How to Get a New Judge to Hear Your Case
Help! My judge clearly has different religious or ethical views than I do. How can I get a new judge to ensure my hearing is unbiased? This can be a tricky one. There are some...
Many of the financial issues surrounding a divorce apply across the board regardless of your age range, but we’ve compiled a list of pertinent financial questions to ask during your divorce depending on where you...
Thinking about divorce mediation? Excellent idea if you and your spouse have the shared goal of uncoupling amicably or dissolving your marriage in a fair and cooperative way but have too many issues to resolve...
OK, so you feel totally stuck. All you want is closure and yet your divorce is lingering on and on. You’ve tried everything. You’ve tried nothing. You don’t have any clue what to do next....
Forensic Accountants: What They Do and When to Use One
Forensic accountants are growing increasingly popular in divorce cases, and for good reason – unraveling a couple’s financial picture and then dividing that equitably is tricky business. Oftentimes, it’s distrust that income is being withheld...
Every month, I offer a workshop to women in my community who are either contemplating or in the early stages of divorce. At every Second Saturday workshop we invite a therapist, and a family law...

A toilet backing up is not a common experience, but one that happens in most homes on rare occasions. There are several reasons why a toilet may backup and overflow onto the floor, but in most cases the spills are minor and can be easily cleaned up. However, you will need to know the proper method of toilet water cleanup so that you minimize the danger to your property and those living inside the home.
Even if the toilet has not been used, you must assume that the water is contaminated by germs, bacteria, and potentially viruses. By assuming that all water from the toilet is contaminated, you will take extra care when cleaning it up.
Mop: Using your mop and bucket, remove the water from the floor. Be sure the mop is properly rung out so that it can soak up all the water. At this time, any waste material should be removed as well.
Be sure that all water and contaminants are removed from the property, so they cause no harm to anyone. Once removed, you will need to sanitize the floor using a cleaning product that destroys germs, bacteria, and viruses. After you sanitize the area, it should be dried out using fans, blowers, and an open window so the humidity levels are lowered to normal.
There are good reasons to call a professional service for major backups and spills, especially when it gets into the carpet or wooden flooring. First, a reputable restoration company will have the knowledge, experience, and equipment needed to clean up the spill and guarantee their work so that if it’s not done correctly or issue from the spill reoccur, then they will be back to take care of the problem.
If you need toilet water cleanup that is performed properly to protect your property and those living inside the home, a professional service is the best choice.

For years, people have been asking what to read to understand the global economy, its institutions, its crises, the reasons for the particular forms it has taken and their effects- and what they can do about it. Is there really "No Alternative," as constantly proclaimed? Why these arrangements and principles, not others? Robin Hahnel has written that book: lucid, enlightening, deeply-informed, wide-ranging, and constructive. It's just what has been needed. - Noam Chomsky
Hall, Kermit (1992). The Oxford Companion to the Supreme Court of the United States. New York, Oxford University Press.
The Glass Key (1931), an exploration of city politics at their most scurrilous, tracing intricate patterns of loyalty and betrayal in scenes charged with drama. His last novel, The Thin Man (1934), is a ruefully comic tale distinct from the rest of his work. Paying homage to the traditional mystery form, it is best remembered for its protagonists Nick and Nora Charles, the sophisticated inebriates who would enjoy a long afterlife in the movies.
In Offending the Audience and Self-Accusation, one-character "speak-ins," Handke further explores the relationship between public performance and personal identity, forcing us to reconsider our sense of who we are and what we know.
In The Ride across Lake Constance, a group of characters (known only by the names of the actors who perform the parts) talk and play games together and skate over the thin ice that separates them from unspoken danger."Intensely theatrical, an author for whom playwriting seems akin to tightrope walking" - The Times.
They Are Dying Out puts the pillars of the bourgeoisie under the microscope to reveal an alien race, suffocated by rationality, unable to cope with untamed subjective impulses and shows an "uncanny knack for making the familiar seem strange ". - Plays and Players
Gregor Keuschnig, in A Moment of True Feeling, has a bad dream one night and stumbles excitedly through the two following days, feeling both violent and vulnerable, exposed to life's inanity: "nothing made sense." "How steadfastly they go through with it," he thinks of other people. And at another point: "How human they all seemed in comparison with him." His own life now appears to him as a complicated fraud:
In the meantime we know all about
Covers everything a new fan needs to know to understand and appreciate hockey. Short, easy-to-understand chapters along with diagrams and action photographs. The book also helps guide the reader through the confusing jumble of numbers and statistics published in the sports page every day. A complete glossary and index makes finding information easy.
Though this book functions as an extension and a completion of a sustained line of Hardt and Negri's thought, it also stands alone and is entirely accessible to readers who are not familiar with the previous works. It is certain to appeal to, challenge, and enrich the thinking of anyone interested in questions of politics and globalization.
The first annotated edition of L.P. Hartley's great classic, the present text generally follows that of the first edition of 1953 and also includes a number of small but significant corrections based on the surviving holograph of The Go-Between.
A classic introduction to art history. Esteemed art historian Hartt (1914-1991) died as he was finishing the revisions for this edition (the 3rd edition was published in 1989), and the concluding part, The Modern World (ten chapters, 221 pages), has been entirely rethought and revised by Nan Rosenthal, former Curator of Twentieth-Century Art at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. This edition also adds 102 more color illustrations, bringing the total to 462 in color, 1,416 overall.
The radical geographer David Harvey guides us through the classic text of political economy. 'My aim is to get you to read a book by Karl Marx called Capital, Volume 1, and to read it on Marx's own terms.' Based on his recent lectures, this current volume aims to bring this depth of learning to a broader audience, guiding first-time readers through a fascinating and deeply rewarding text.
Widely praised as an exciting, insightful exposition and development of Marx's critique of political economy, Harvey updates his classic text with a discussion of the turmoil in world markets today.
Some writers so capture the soul and spirit of a people that they are identified with them forever after. In England, it was Charles Dickens, in the United States, it was Mark Twain. For the Slavic nations, and to some extent for all Central Europeans, it is the Czech writer, Jaroslav Hasek.
Robert Hass, former poet laureate, winner of the National Book Award, and recipient of the Pulitzer Prize, illuminates the formal impulses that underlie great poetry in this sophisticated, graceful, and accessible volume of essays drawn from a series of lectures he delivered at the renowned Iowa Writers’ Workshop.
Indeed, almost everyone in this novel is in some way a victim, ensnared in the plots of others and ensnared by an impoverished culture that presents diminished possibilities.
This new edition includes a new introduction by Winslow, Hay and Linebaugh, reflecting on the turning point in the social history of crime that the book represents.
Provides a detailed portrait of the renowned poet, playwright, theatrical director, and political theorist, examining both his volatile public and personal relationships, and sorting through the contradictions and inconsistencies of his views.
William Hazlitt is widely considered to be one of the greatest literature critics of all time. First published in 1817, this "CreateSpace" edition presents Hazlitt's analysis of Shakespeare's plays and insights into the author's timeless characters.
Using the probing lens of cultural studies, Hedges shows how claims to the Faustian legacy permeated the struggle against Nazism in the 1930s while infusing not only the search for socialist utopias in Russia, France, and Germany, but also the quest for legitimacy on both sides of the Cold War divide after 1945.
German poet of Jewish origin, whose lyrics have inspired such composers as Mendelssohn, Schubert, and Schumann. Heinrich Heine lived at a time of major social and political changes: the French Revolution (1789-99) and the Napoleonic wars deeply influenced thinking. Heine died in Paris, where he had lived from 1831 as one of the central figures of the literary scene. Among Heine's famous poems is 'Die Lorelei', set to music by Silcher in 1837. It has become one of the most popular of German songs.
Provides an overview of the different historical stages of capitalism, underpinned by accessible discussions of its theoretical foundations. Heller shows that capitalism has always been a double-edged sword, on one hand advancing humanity, and on the other harming traditional societies and our natural environment. He makes the case that capitalism has now become self-destructive, and that our current era of neoliberalism may trigger a transition to a democratic and ecologically aware form of socialism.
A fascinating look at the history and grandeur of bullfighting, Death in the Afternoon is also a deeper contemplation of the nature of cowardice and bravery, sport and tragedy, and is enlivened throughout by Hemingway's sharp commentary on life and literature.
Spanning the 1950s to the 1990s, Film Quarterly: Forty Years, A Selection is a collaborative effort by the past and present editors and the editorial board to celebrate and illuminate the medium that has prompted so much thought and exchange during the journals lifetime. From articles on documentary and genre to history and technology, narrative and the avant-garde, this carefully selected collection proposes groundbreaking theoretical models, fresh approaches to individual film classics, reassessments of filmmakers bodies of work, and discussions of new films and technologies.
During the 1990s boom, we heard constantly about the New Economy. A technological and organizational revolution that precipitated an unprecedented era of rapid productivity growth and rendered recessions as obsolete as rotary-dial phones. Mass participation in the stock market transformed workers into owners; the freewheeling U.S. economy became the envy of the world; and "globalization," whatever that is exactly, had rendered national borders obsolete.
Dune is one of the most famous science fiction novels ever written, and deservedly so. The setting is elaborate and ornate, the plot labyrinthine, the adventures exciting. Five sequels follow.
Centuries have passed on Dune, and the planet is green with life. Leto, the son of Dune's savior, is still alive but far from human, and the fate of all humanity hangs on his awesome sacrifice.
Here is the tumultuous life of an extraordinary twentieth-century woman -- with illustrations as rich and haunting as her legend.
Herrick's life is anything but dull. He has worked with Orson Welles, met Rita Hayworth, lived as a hobo, and almost died from a bullet wound during the Battle of Jarama. Herrick is a controversial figure who exposed Communist crimes to the media. At the same time he is honest--admitting he too would have done anything asked of him by the Communist party. This is a gutsy memoir told in plain prose, with enough wit to keep the subject from becoming overly dry.
Provides a brief and manageable collection of the most important documents on U.S. policymaking in the Vietnam War between 1950 and 1968.
llustrated and precise guide to the literary locations of San Francisco, with special emphasis on the 1950s San Francisco poetry renaissance and the Beat Generation. Who lived where and when. Photos, street maps. Everything to take you to an exact spot.
Based on interviews with former Kennedy administration officials, former Secret Service agents, and hundreds of Kennedy's personal friends and associates, The Dark Side of Camelot rewrites the history of John F. Kennedy and his presidency.
A memoir of renowned investigative journalist Seymour Hersh's life as a reporter. A fascinating look at an era when quality reporting was the result of will and determination (and knowing the right contacts). An excellent choice for readers interested in late 20th-century politics..
Kon-Tiki is the record of an astonishing adventure -- a journey of 4,300 nautical miles across the Pacific Ocean by raft. Intrigued by Polynesian folklore, biologist Thor Heyerdahl suspected that the South Sea Islands had been settled by an ancient race from thousands of miles to the east, led by a mythical hero, Kon-Tiki. He decided to prove his theory by duplicating the legendary voyage.
On April 28, 1947, Heyerdahl and five other adventurers sailed from Peru on a balsa log raft. After three months on the open sea, encountering raging storms, whales, and sharks, they sighted land -- the Polynesian island of Puka Puka.Translated into sixty-five languages, Kon-Tiki is a classic, inspiring tale of daring and courage -- a magnificent saga of men against the sea.
Robert Musil (1880-1942), author of The Man without Qualities, is one of the handful of most important writers of the twentieth century. Among Anglophone readers Musil has enjoyed a dedicated cult following, but until recently poor translations and radical misunderstandings of his aims and techniques have retarded the full appreciation of his genius.
Robert Forester didn't look like the kind of man to be a prowler. However, his ex-wife has told the police he was erratic, liable to violence and had even fired a gun at her. Maybe he was a psychopathic murderer.
In Deep Water, set in the small town of Little Wesley, Vic and Melinda Meller's loveless marriage is held together only by a precarious arrangement whereby in order to avoid the messiness of divorce, Melinda is allowed to take any number of lovers as long as she does not desert her family. Eventually, Vic tries to win her back by asserting himself through a tall tale of murder - one that soon comes true.
In This Sweet Sickness, David Kelsey has an unyielding conviction that life will turn out all right for him; he just has to fix The Situation: he is in love with a married woman. Obsessed with Annabelle and the life he has imagined for them, David prepares to win her over, whatever it takes.
An American writer is sent to Tunisia to gather material for a movie, but when his producer fails to show up, he stays on and works instead on a novel. Intimations of violence soon cast deep shodows, and he finds himself an accomplice to murder.
This dictionary surveys Middle Eastern politics, religion, and culture from the twentieth century to today. Topics covered include: Arab Spring, Arab-Israeli Wars, Biographies, Christianity and Christian Sects, Civil Wars, Country Profiles, Ethnic Groups, Government, Gulf Wars, Historical Places, History, Hostages, International Agreements and Treaties, Islam and Islamic Sects, Judaism and Jewish Sects, Languages, Literary Personalities, Military and Military Leaders, Nonconventional and Nuclear Weapons, Oil and Gas, Peace Process, Politics, Regional Conflicts, Religion, Terrorism, Tourist Destinations, United Nations, and much more.
Originaly published in 1932 as The International Style: Architecture Since 1922, this book featured to the american public the recent development of the Avant-Garde, in particular the European one. This book was understood as a manifesto and keeps all its historical interest for the knowledge of the architectural thought between the two world war.
Hoberman, J. (2003). The Dream Life: Movies, Media, and the Mythology of the Sixties. New York, New Press.
Elegiac and anxious, critical and poetic, Film After Film surveys the current seismic shifts in movies and considers their effect on the cinematic imagination. Hoberman's prose shines without qualification, and the selections remind us that his tenure at the Village Voice was, simply put, one of the greatest ever by an American film critic, influencing as it did an entire generation of writers.
"Terror works - at least sometimes - and there is no better proof than the success of the Israeli underground during the British Mandate in Palestine. In Anonymous Soldiers, Bruce Hoffman, the dean of counterterrorist scholars, explores the history and methods that would become the template for terrorist movements of the present day. This book will become a classic on the shelf of those who seek to understand and fight against non-state actors, who were themselves inspired by the Israeli example." -Lawrence Wright.
Hoffman traces the history of terrorism from its roots in the Reign of Terror that followed the French Revolution, to Osama bin Laden and the al-Qaeda network. Along the way, he examines the rise of subnational groups like al-Qaeda and Japan's Aum sect and takes a closer look at the way terrorists are able to exploit media coverage.
A collection of essays by major scholars.
In his search for the real (as he titled his book, "The Search for the Real and Other Essays" [1948]) Hofmann produced a new type of landscape, one that is composed, not of trees and land, but of the tension between its space, form, color and planes.
This new edition of Ian Hoggs classic is this centurys ultimate reference work on the subject of military small arms. It has been fully updated and expanded (by 64 pages) to cover all small arms in military service during the 20th century and now includes many arms listings and photographs that did not appear in earlier editions.
Recognized internationally as the leading authority on military small arms, author Ian Hogg was given free rein on this edition; he has delivered the ultimate reference edition for all interested in the history of these arms. Arms coverage includes: Pistols, Submachine Guns, Bolt-Action Rifles, Automatic Rifles, Machine Guns, Anti-Tank/Materiel Rifles and Ammunition. Small arms of 46 countries are covered. Over 800 photographs and illustrations.
Showcases posters from all of Harryhausen's movies, from 1949's Mighty Joe Young to Clash of the Titans in 1981. There has never been a book published devoted solely to the promotional art associated with the films themselves. Featuring posters from all over the world, as well as commentary from The Ray & Diana Harryhausen Foundation, this is an essential addition to any fan's library.
The name Italy evokes history and splendor. Toga-clad Romans, sweeping vistas of vineyards and olive groves, the majesty of a Papal mass, Dante's Comedia, and Leonardo's haunting Mona Lisa. Few nations can boast as rich an artistic and cultural legacy, and yet, the concept of Italy as a single, autonomous political entity is a young one, dating back a mere 125 years. Fragmented both by North-South rivalries and foreign invasions, the peninsula struggled for nearly 1500 years after the fall of the Roman Empire to become a cohesive whole.
Covering almost a century, from 1856 to 1950, this unparalleled life of Shaw presents the magnificent double portrait of an age and of a man who was born fifty years too soon.
Robert Fitzgerald's much-acclaimed translation, fully possessing as it does the body and spirit of the original, has helped to assure the continuing vitality of Europe's most influential work of poetry. This edition includes twenty-five new line drawings by Barnaby Fitzgerald.
A compact but comprehensive study of the people of Italy. The author puts his finger on the vast diversity of the country through his descriptions of their linguistics, cultures, foods, economies and even journalism. A thoroughly researched, well-written, ageless narrative of a fascinating people.
Kate decided that San Diego needed trees more than anything else. So this trailblazing young woman singlehandedly started a massive movement that transformed the town into the green, garden-filled oasis it is today. Now, more than 100 years after Kate first arrived in San Diego, her gorgeous gardens and parks can be found all over the city.
Part fascinating biography, part inspirational story, this moving picture book about following your dreams, using your talents, and staying strong in the face of adversity is sure to resonate with readers young and old.
Horgan, John (1997). The End of Science: Facing the Limits of Knowledge in the Twilight of the Scientific Age. New York, Broadway Books.
The short story is represented by "National Honeymoon" and "The Peach Stone." From Mr. Horgan's impressive roster of novels, there are selections from No Quarter Give, and A Distant Trumpet; from the "Richard trilogy", Things As They Are, Everything to Live For, and The Thin Mountain Air; and the complete text of his novel of the Depression, Far from Cibola.
A major study of modern culture, Dialectic of Enlightenment for many years led an underground existence among the homeless Left of the German Federal Republic until its definitive publication in West Germany in 1969. Originally composed by its two distinguished authors during their Californian exile in 1944, the book can stand as a monument of classic German progressive social theory in the twentieth century.
Although war was never formally declared, the Algerian War lasted from 1954 to 1962. It caused six French governments to fall, led to the collapse of the Fourth Republic, brought De Gaulle back to power, and came close to provoking a civil war on French soil. More than a million Muslim Algerians died in the conflict and as many European settlers were driven into exile. Above all, the war was marked by an unholy marriage of revolutionary terror and state torture.
Horne, Gerald (2014). The Counter-Revolution of 1776: Slave Resistance and the Origins of the United States of America. New York, New York University Press.
Edwin H. Cady, editor. Four novels by America's most influential man of letters at the turn of the century, which explore the conflicts of private life and social institutions with unflinching realism. Contains A Foregone Conclusion and Indian Summer, dramas of complex romantic entanglements set in Italy, A Modern Instance, the first full-scale study of infidelity and divorce in American fiction, and The Rise of Silas Lapham, a brilliantly skeptical portrait of American business and new money. "For those of us who are still able to read novels for pleasure, this is a marvelous book." - Gore Vidal, The New York Review of Books
Since 1746, when Edmund Hoyle published his first rule book for games, his name has been synonymous with authority. Now the book that set the standard for all others has been revised, updated, and expanded. The new edition details rules for more than 350 games of skill, from duplicate bridge to charades. 100 line drawings and charts.
Presents a collection of comic book covers from the artist's DC Comics series featuring such comic book characters as Catwoman, Wonder Woman, and other superheroes, as well as an interview with the Eisner Award winner.
No other writer in America has been as "on-the-mark" with the pulse of Black America than Langston Hughes. Sometimes humerous, often touching, but, most often, hard-hitting and reflective, Hughes wrote from his experience as well as the experiences of what it is to be black in America. All of his significant works are here: the Simple Stories," the epic "Montage to a Dream Deferred," poems designed chiefly for children, plus articles and speeches made in his later years.
Hughes died in Polyclinic Hospital in New York, on May 22, 1967, of complications after surgery. His collection of political poems, The Panther and the Lash (1967), published posthumously, reflected the anger and militancy of the 1960s. The book had been rejected first by Knopf in 1964 as too risky.
A sprawling, comprehensive, and deeply personal history of Rome -- as city, as empire, and, crucially, as an origin of Western art and civilization, two subjects about which Hughes has spent his life writing and thinking.
When the novel Brave New World first appeared in 1932, its shocking analysis of a scientific dictatorship seemed a projection into the remote future.
In Brave New World Revisited, Aldous Huxley uses his knowledge of human relations to compare the modern-day world with his prophetic fantasy. He scrutinizes threats to humanity, such as overpopulation, propaganda, and chemical persuasion, and explains why we have found it virtually impossible to avoid them. Brave New World Revisited is a trenchant plea that humankind should educate itself for freedom before it is too late.

Unlike the rest of your presentation, which relies on the strength of your content and overall design to achieve click throughs, the cover slide is rooted in advertising. It needs to sell the whole presentation in one short, sweet moment. It’s an art form.
Don’t design a cover slide, design an advertisement. Here’s how to do it.
According to Ekaterina Walter’s book, The Power of Visual Storytelling: How to Use Visuals, Videos, and Social Media to Market Your Brand, the average attention span is 2.8 to 8 seconds long. This focus is probably even shorter when someone is casually browsing through the SlideShare homepage. Since all you have is a single glance to work with, your cover slide needs to be short, loud, and easy to read in a second.
You can increase the speed it takes to read your cover slide by limiting the amount of copy to 15 words or less, including your company name and any subtitles, if you choose to include those elements.
In a comprehensive (and classic) study called How Users Read on the Web, researchers tested content on a website to see how people would complete tasks based on the way the content was written. This task completion was called “usability.”
Usability however is not determined by word count alone. For viewers to know how to interact with your presentation, specifically to view, or not-to-view your slides, you must write copy that is clear, and easy to understand.
Why? The revised title was concise but also clear; it told the audience what to expect.
For an effective cover slide, you will need to strike the perfect balance between brevity and clarity.
You now know that your title should be brief and to the point. The visual elements on your cover slide also need to serve a third function: They should support the copy, as well as look beautiful enough to tempt your audience to click on them.
For instance, if you’re writing a presentation about climbing the social ladder, you should use a cover image that relates to that topic while also enticing viewers who would be interested in that topic. For that example, you should consider visual elements that evoke a feeling of success, wealth, and sophistication. Skip any earthy textures, or elements that seem too casual. Aim to design a slide that could be described as high-end, clean, and modern.
“You have a symbiotic relationship with the audience. Without them, there’s nothing for you to do. Without you, they have no reason for being there. So you’re dependent upon one another to pull this thing off.” – Peter Coughter
Don’t make your cover image appeal to your own tastes and preferences, make it something that will make your specific audience stop and say “ooh, what’s that?”
Here’s a checklist for your presentation cover image to make sure the final product is blue-ribbon-ready:
3) Are the images relevant (and appealing) to your specific audience?
Did you answer yes to all of those questions? If not, go back and revise your content and design. And if you answered yes to them, get a second opinion to make sure your cover slide is ready to make its sensational debut.
READ MORE: 3 Essential Steps to Clean Up Your Copy

SIGNIFICANT GROWTH AND PROGRESS IN A CHALLENGING YEAR
Completed the acquisition of Peacock Foods in the US, the Group’s largest ever acquisition, funded in part through a rights issue
Enhanced the Group’s leadership position in the UK through strong organic growth, supported by a substantial investment and rigorous cost management programme
“Greencore has been substantially transformed this year and the decisions made and work undertaken in FY17 have set us up very well for further progress.
While we have delivered good financial and operating progress in the year, the transformation has not been without its challenges. However, we are confident that our strategy, portfolio, business model and momentum positions Greencore well to drive profitability, cash flows and returns in FY18 and beyond.”
Streamlining and strengthening of UK divisional and cost structures, and a review of technology investment plans to align with the Group’s strategic objectives
Completed the acquisition of Peacock Foods at the end of December 2016, transforming the Group’s US business
Group recently extended its long-term, strategic partnership with one of its largest and most important customers
Greencore anticipates delivering a year of strong growth in FY18 and is well positioned to drive improved profitability, cash flow and returns over the medium term. Building on what has been an intense phase of strategic progress and network investment, Greencore will now take advantage of its exposure to higher growth categories in the UK and US convenience food markets.
The financial information included within this full year results statement has been extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements of Greencore Group plc. Details of the basis of preparation can be found in Note 1 to the attached financial information.
Certain statements made in this document are forward‐looking. These represent expectations for the Group’s business, and involve risks and uncertainties. The Group has based these forward‐looking statements on current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements may generally, but not always, be identified by the use of words such as “will”, “anticipates”, “should”, “expects”, “is expected to”, “estimates”, “believes”, “intends” or similar expressions.
For the full report and presentation, please click here.
1 The Group uses Alternative Performance Measures (‘APMs’) which are non-IFRS measures to monitor the performance of its operations and of the Group as a whole. These APM’s along with their definitions are provided in the appendix
2 Earnings per share and Dividend per share figures for FY16 have been restated to reflect the impact of the bonus element of the rights issue and are set out in notes 4 and 5.
3 Market/category growth rates are based on Nielsen data for the 52 weeks to 9 September 2017, 7 October 2017 or 4 November 2017

File comment: Some of the accessories & close-up of top cover.
I don't believe it to be refinished. I believe it is original, and seems to have been regularly conditioned for almost 100 years.
That's a pretty aggressive price for a Victrola XI, just my honest opinion.
@Brandon: Thank you! We suspected this, but obviously don't have a lot of experience with much more than using these machines. Obviously a common model, but we were trying to hit in the low-middle of estimates (considering the records and condition). But that was why we wanted to post here, so we appreciate that feedback(!), and perhaps we'll consider lowering after a few visits to vintage/consignment stores in the area.
These are going for about $100 - $150 at auction in the DC area. No idea what they bring retail. The needle tin and reproducer box add some to that price and maybe the records, but those are like stamps (some have high value and others do not), but it doesn't hurt to ask. It's a pretty machine, but a common one.
@soundgen: Sadly, no such luck in our collection. We are taking a closer look at the records now, though!

Are you still wondering what kind of "education" people get from watching Discovery Channel?
Look no further than this astonishing article!
It's so bloody preposterous that I first took it for a spoof - but alas, it probably ain't.
I really don't know much about US politics but if being anti-Conservation is what US Libertarianism stands for, I shall be very happy never to endorse them!
This is a direct consequence of Shark Porn - and this is why so many people are pissed off!
So, guys, make a choice as you really cannot have it both ways: if you really care about your "green" branding and the income it generates, you really gotta stop this shit.
One one side you have the battle to protect the Whales.
Much loved and even glorified, they are at the center of a bitter feud that has led to the collapse of the latest Whaling Conference. Once nearly extinct, some species have miraculously come back from the brink, to the point that some Countries want to resume hunting them - and actually do, often in very unethical ways. The anti-whaling activists are dead set against it and the fight is turning increasingly violent.
On the other side you have the ongoing decline of the Tuna.
Everybody wants to eat them and stocks have been depleted to the point where many species are severely threatened and the Northern Bluefin Tuna is all but extinct. Once romanticized as some kind of heroic feat by intrepid fishermen, the killing is increasingly depicted as what it really is, the extermination of a species.
Whereas the Fisheries Agencies are finally trying to limit the catches, the fishermen have started to fight back as their existence is being threatened. Once again, violence is on the rise.
But really, these are just two examples of the same conundrum.
I've blogged about it a while ago when talking about the Shark fin industry: in order to protect the animals we love, we will have to accept that some of them are killed.
What I'm talking about is sustainable fishing.
If that is true - and assuming that ethically speaking, all life has the same value regardless of personal preferences (and assumed cognitive faculties, etc.)
some species of Shark can probably be harvested sustainably. Other species like the Hammerheads (please read the link) should be fully protected.
But pragmatically speaking, it's probably the only way forward - as long as we cannot curb the demand . And when it comes to Sharks and Tuna, chances for that are very slim indeed.
The sooner we accept that, the sooner we will work towards achieving tangible and hopefully, long lasting results - which is ultimately the only thing that counts.
I’m honestly of two minds about this.
It concerns how we should react to this post by Fijigirl on Wetpixel concerning the recent Discovery shoot in Fiji. I was really gonna follow the advice of a friend to just let it go and wait until Deadly Waters would air, after which the truth would be known anyway.
But our staff are very angry indeed and have asked me not to let this go unanswered.
The way I read that document, it basically claims that Brandon did this and that, loves Sharks, was unaware of the contents of the show, did nothing untoward and finally got "tricked" by us who just wanted to rubbish him.
Which begs the question, is she been lied to - too?
Anyway, the facts are this – and I’ll keep is as short as I can.
A lot of people spent considerable time, money and effort to achieve this – but it had nothing whatsoever to do with either Brandon or Aqua-Trek who never assisted in that effort.
That's all pretty awesome and very honorable - and way more than what most other operators in the Shark Diving Industry have done.
No need to re-write history and to claim credit for other people’s hard work!
But back to the matter at hand, Deadly Waters.
As I've mentioned in a previous post, I was away and upon coming back to Fiji, I've been busy doing the post mortem on this unfortunate matter. As Drew suggests, we’ll all see it when the episode airs – or better, hopefully not!
The show is currently being edited so let’s not pre-empt anything, shall we.
But Fiji is very small indeed and people always talk.
When it comes to Fijigirl’s fairy tale, what I can say with absolute certainty is this.
He willingly and knowingly completely surrendered his site and its Sharks to the crew of Gurney, to the point that his own staff was relegated to the role of mere spectators.
Clients were taken to Lake Reef to witness the film crew flailing around bait in the attempt to excite the Sharks – in total breach of protocol and the most basic safety procedures (one guest witness was so upset by what he saw that he demanded a refund and was given a free dive on the next day).
Brandon and his bosses have historically made it abundantly clear that they do not seek dialogue and co-operation with BAD and it would have been an exercise in futility. As it turns out, he knew everything anyway.
We and many others are now trying to sort out Brandon's mess, as it's not about Brandon or Aqua-Trek. In the big scheme of things, they are frankly of no importance - and nor are we!
To us, this is about the Sharks, the reputation of Fiji and how the Shark Diving Industry needs to handle the media.
Please wish us luck in making this "go away".
Let's hope "somebody" puts them out of their unholy business very soon indeed!
Sorry, once again this will have to be short.
The reason is that having moved to Fiji, I'm currently swamped by trying to establish a new home, kicking off some new research and Shark conservation initiatives, attending conservation workshops and all sorts of menial stuff you really don't want to know about.
Plus, as promised, I'm doing the post mortem on the Discovery fiasco - and lemme tell you, with astonishing results! As Tafa said in one comment, the more one tries to hide things under the mat, the more people will go digging, especially in Fiji!
In the meantime, I invite you to explore Ila's blog Discovery's Shame.
Talk about a lady with a passion!
The petition has just broken 1,000 which is great - but still, we must do better!
All my life I have struggled to overcome negative exposure to sharks. I think I have won, but it has been a long haul.
This time, it's a methodological paper about our acoustic telemetry data collection.
- Is it contributing directly to Conservation?
- Is the method employed the least invasive possible?
There are several methods for deploying acoustic tags and many of them involve catching the animals, after which the tags get attached via a loop around the caudal peduncle, or via tie wraps through a hole drilled into the dorsal fin or even implanted via a small subcutaneous incision.
Here's an example with satellite tags - not for us!
We don't do any of that as we try to avoid any undue stress to the animals and also, because we don't want to "punish" them for having trusted us.
The Sharks don't seem to mind much and have all come back - and still, every time, I cringe when I see happen. The reason why I have OKd it is that we want to track the animals during their mating season when they generally refuse to feed. As a added advantage, Juerg is now getting some very useful long-term data as the tags will stay on for several months.
Yes, I'm talking about the Discovery Petition!
It was ticking along nicely, with about 100 new signatures a day. Then, it went mysteriously offline - and ever since, the daily signatures have slowed significantly, to not more than 20-30. Last time I looked, the total was 854: respectable but a far cry from the goal of 10,000.
In order to achieve that, the whole thing needs to go viral with "everybody" pitching in and above all, with the "big guns" signing on and then mobilizing their followers.
Having searched for "names" and having looked at the websites of the plethora of self-professed Shark lovers, savers and protectors out there, I'm starting to wonder: where are they? Why is it that I've failed to find a single major website posting a link to the petition?
Where is the scientific community, especially those guys that always profess that their imput and research are being abused?
Does this mean that the majority of us Shark people agree with the way Discovery is depicting the animals we profess to love?
My very personal position is this.
But this petition is a fact and because of that, I'm willing to support it, if only because I believe that one must show solidarity.
Also, it has been started by a group of people who have the important ethical advantage of doing it for one reason only, because they truly love Sharks - and not because of any other hidden agenda, commercial or otherwise.
To me, the petition is but one, albeit important element in how we should try and tackle the problem of Shark-related media. Some of the others are already on the table: dialogue, educating and holding the operators accountable, alternative media productions - and the list is by no means exhaustive.
But having said this: guys, c'mon, show the support!
He was with us in 2006 and wrote a glowing report of his experience in Shark Diver Magazine, garnished with great pictures by Terry Goss.
But the real reason for this post is that 333 Productions have just won the Emerging Underwater Filmmaker category in this year's BLUE Ocean Film Festival!
Here's the trailer of their winning submission Death of a Deity.
Well done guys, and keep up the good, pro-Shark work!
He has managed to convince Mr. Paul Gasek, an Executive of Discovery Channel, to answer 10 questions relating to Discovery's Shark Week. Here is the background to that serendipitous opportunity.
So there - here's our question.
David, my heartfelt thanks for the chance of hearing it directly from the horse's mouth!
As you may know, one of your forthcoming programs, “Deadly Waters” has caused quite a controversy here in Fiji.
After having seen the program's "Experiment List", we declined their request, this based on the following aspects of the planned show.
Above all, the damage such an allegation would cause to the fragile tourism industry of a small island country
Having asked for further clarifications, we were told that the show "hadn't yet been named" - but we soon noticed that the producer and the host, Les Stroud, were the same as in January . Once again, we declined to cooperate and informed the vessel about the production team's true intentions.
The shoot was finally hosted by our local competitors who however claim that they had no idea about its true nature as they were told by Gurney that it was a scientific program for Animal Planet.
If true, this would mean that after having unsuccessfully tried to mislead us, Gurney Productions only succeeded in filming the show's Fiji segment by deceiving the Shark diving operator who would have otherwise opposed the production like we did.
With that in mind - and assuming that your own independent verification would lead you to conclude
That the allegation that Fiji is a "high-fatality hot spot" is a complete fabrication and that there are no data whatsoever supporting it
Would you then be willing to completely scrap "Deadly Waters", or at least remove the segment that was filmed in Fiji?
We look forward to your reply and would be happy to provide you with copies of all correspondence and corroborating evidence if so wished. You can reach the dive shop's manager, Andrew Cumming at Beqa Adventure Divers.
Love that Hi-def, gotta get me one!
He barged in on an interview by the Shark Safe Project and I invite you to view that remarkable document. Alas, there's no embedding feature so please go to the relevant Facebook page.
It's gonna be a long, steep road!
I'm running out, and I'm also tired of posting pics of dead pregnant Sharks so here's one of our very much alive newcomers. We have named her Nani in honor of our incomparable Nanise and no, that's not because she's feisty and has a big mouth!
Anyway, the Destin abomination is now getting the attention it deserves.
First, there was this funny (!) article in the Daily News. Then, Luke Tipple's op ed in the Destin Log. Finally, the Log is running an online poll on the subject - when I entered my vote in the bottom field on the right-hand column, the result came out as 55% No and 38% Yes. Let's hope the vote stays the same and Ms. Donaldson listens!
According to WhySharksMatter, it is, without a doubt, the best conservation-minded shark documentary he has ever seen.
Website here and here's the trailer.
Still trying to settle in, so once again, this will have to be short.
A lot has happened in the last two days and I invite you to go exploring the following links.
SURVIVORMAN’s Les Stroud is back for more shark action — this time venturing to five of the most notorious shark infested waters in the world to find out which is the most dangerous. Les will initiate a series of immersive tests in these high-fatality “hot spots” to determine what makes these waters so deadly.
In that respect, Underwater Thrills have re-posted a two-part series from January when Les Stroud and Gurney first got in contact with their anti-Shark garbage and which contains the infamous "experiment list". The Fiji experiments have been slightly modified - but more about that later. As the title of that post says, this is just for the record.
So do we. It's work in progress and we have proposed to add some further guidelines which you can see in the comments section of that post. Let's hope this will quickly progress into something tangible where many operators will sign up.
The Discovery petition is progressing well but still needs to explode into viral mode, so please make the effort to contact and motivate all your friends! Ila France Porcher of the International Year of the Shark has created a blog devoted to this topic and Gary has written an op ed about it on the Shark Safe Project blog.
This is the first time I sign a petition, ever.
Quite frankly, I've been caught completely unawares and only found out about it when browsing Underwater Thrills during my morning coffee, as I do every day. I'm kinda between homes and countries so I'll have to keep this short.
This is important, but it is only one part of the equation - the other part being that as an Industry, we got to provide for alternatives by working with serious producers and cinematographers in order to come up with better programs.
And we the operators need to finally shoulder our responsibility and stop shooting ourselves in the foot, by agreeing that the Deadly Waters fiasco must be the last time where this kind of despicable rubbish has been allowed to happen on our watch. We are the stewards of our sites and without our consent and logistical support, nothing goes - and yes, I'm repeating myself!
Always remember - our customers have a choice and there are always alternatives!
So, let's start with the stick - but let's also work on the carrot!
Please sign the petition and tell your friends.
I've followed my own advice and browsed the Website of The End of the Line.
Kudos to the authors for having followed up by posting a lot of pertinent information.
There's a really interesting News section and that's where I learned that the Atlantic , or Northern Bluefin Tuna is all but gone. Roberto Mielgo Bregazzi has researched the topic and I invite everybody to read this shocking synopsis of his findings. Nothing new really, but what had been depicted as imminent in 2006, 2007 and 2008 has apparently eventuated - basically, it's over.
Barring a miracle that is - but alas, I'm not hopeful.
The very much not aptly named International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tuna (ICCAT) has only one track record - and that is, to continue applying unsustainable quotas despite all evidence pointing to the imminent catastrophe. It's the bloody same farce every time they meet: politicians and functionaries trying to "negotiate" against scientific facts - last time in November where they didn't adopt the recommendations by their own scientists and then managed to congratulate themselves for the fiasco!
Want to know the full extent of the debacle - involving mismanagement, fraud and piracy?
Like in the case of Sharks, we are faced with a supply limited fisheries with zero price elasticity where the Tragedy of the Commons is preventing any useful consensus about applying sustainable quotas, let alone a fishing moratorium where stocks would be allowed to replenish. Contrary to Sharks which are extremely slow breeders, Tuna reach sexual maturity between 3 and 5 years and such a strategy could really lead to positive results within a comparatively short period of time.
Alas, it's not likely to happen.
The policy makers will continue to drag their feet and Bluefin Tuna will become a prized delicacy for the rich, then the very rich and finally, only the select few.
And then, it'll be gone for good. Forever.
I'm talking about The End of the Line.
It's being compared to Al Gore's An inconvenient Truth and it deals with the overfishing of our Oceans. Underwater Thrills have written about it and I invite you to go read that post and to browse the above link.
The relevant YouTube page features several excerpts and trailers of which this is but a small selection.
And not to be all gloom and doom, a possible solution.
Reminds me of that place in Fiji!
Labels: Clarion Call, Conservation, Fishing Industry, important Movie, Overfishing, The End of the Line
To me, that should be plenty of incentive for keeping this format in the future - and hopefully, for getting rid of the horrible name in the process!
Compare that to the measly 250 bucks for landing the biggest of many dead Sharks in Destin, and it should be pretty obvious what they guys over there ought to do.
Yes, as WhySharksMatter said, the victory in Fort Myers has indeed been the result of clever and respectful Shark Conservation - but let there be no doubt that threatening to disrupt proceedings via a vocal Conservation rally played an important role as well!
That's also the message to Devin: evolve, and everybody will be happy to work with you in order to find attractive alternatives - or else!
Would be great if this could be turned into an ethical debate, as in stopping the despicable slaughter of pregnant females. No reason why the fishermen shouldn't follow the lead of the hunters - or is there?
Yes, with some footage from The Best Shark Dive in the World!
Entirely filmed in Hi Def, it's once again a production by the BBC Natural History Unit and will undoubtedly contain some epic footage as always! I went on YouTube but so far, there's only this one teaser of a monster wave in slo-mo (and the BBC iPlayer only works in the UK) but judging from that, we're once again in for a real treat!
And there's another trailer here - featuring a Tiger Shark!
As I read somewhere, Jon is responsible for Part 5 and 6 and I sure hope that we feature in Fragile Paradise! But wherever we are, it's again quite a milestone for our small dive shop.
Sometimes, I'm just simply speechless.
Like when I was copied on this letter.
To his credit, Vice-Mayor Eliopoulos has already answered that he is concerned and will look into the matter.
There is a very disturbing issue concerning Delray Beach which I would like to bring to your attention.
2. Dead sharks will end up washed ashore by morning. This has already happened on Delray Beach. We have seen dead sharks on the beach while taking a morning walk.
4. During the struggles between injured sharks that are fighting for for their lives and [inebriated] fishermen trying to return the sharks to the ocean, the chances of someone being bitten are almost inevitable.
5. Some of the injured sharks will not have the strength to swim far away and will be hanging around in the shallow water. Sharks normally go out of their way to avoid people, but a desperate, injured animal can be dangerous to unsuspecting to swimmers.
We do not want or need the negative press that will surely ensue when a beach goer is bitten while enjoying our waters. Even a scratch or small bite by a shark makes the news as a"Shark Attack".
1. Sharks are seriously threatened due to overfishing:
* Over 150 shark species are on the IUCN list of endangered species. Nineteen shark species are prohibited under Florida law. It's clear from our conversations with members of this club that these fishermen are not able to identify the shark species they're catching, nor do they care.
* Populations of many shark species have been reduced by over 90% in the past 30 years (over 100 million killed per year worldwide -- mostly for shark fin soup).
* 80-90% of all shark populations just in the Atlantic have been reduced to levels that scientists believe can never recover.
* As apex predators, sharks are absolutely vital to the ocean's ecosystem -- they maintain the balance in the oceans. Without sharks the oceans die.
2. Shark meat is highly contaminated with mercury and other toxins, yet this group is promoting consumption of shark meat and even have recipes posted on their website. The 2008 publication titled "Your Guide to Eating Fish Caught in Florida" says the following with regard to sharks (page 21):
- Women of child bearing age and young children - DO NOT EAT
3. Monday June 8th is World Ocean's Day.
At this time more than ever we need to promote and share the beauty of our ocean environment and educate young people about the importance of respecting and saving these vital resources.
Thank you for you attention to this matter.
Bless the author for having been eloquent, extremely well documented, convincing and polite. This is pretty much the case in point for what we said a while ago - just much much more intelligent and better presented!
And what's going on is much much worse and obscene than I could have ever imagined! I didn't know that people like that even existed!
“We were just looking for a way we can help the charter boats,” said Rodeo board member Tim Broom. “And not having the red snapper, we needed something else to fish for that will draw excitement. “And a shark on the docks creates more excitement than any other fish,” Broom said.
Lemon and nurse shark are not eligible as well as any other shark that is state or federally protected.
Thing is, they should know better. Apparently, this particular Shark killing event had already been discontinued due to the lobbying by one Gail Powell. But the local Chamber of Commerce, in their wisdom, think otherwise.
Looks like another chance for the good folks from the Shark Safe Project to capitalize on their recent success in Ft. Myers - this time aided by a local Shark conservationist. Yes, like a prominent Shark person just wrote, Here we go again!! Its like pigs in a sac -get one and another jumps out!!
Welcome to the wonderful world of Shark conservation!
Last year, Daniel did a really short 3-day stint with us on his way back from snorkeling with the Humpback Whales in Vava'u.
Despite of the constraints, he managed to capture some great shots which you can admire in this small portfolio - on top of becoming the darling of the local Kava merchants and consequently, of our staff!
Well done Daniel - it's been a privilege meeting you!
A woman has been killed by a Shark in the Red Sea.
According to this news flash, the Shark was an Oceanic Whitetip.
All-in-all, this is exactly how such an accident needs to be handled and big Kudos to the authorities for having done so.
I've gone rummaging for footage from those sites and have come up with the following two clips.
I've never quite managed to dive with Oceanic Whitetips myself and chances for that are becoming slimmer by the day as this is one of the species most affected by the Shark fishing industry.
Can you guess why they have those conspicuous white tips on their fins?
His ‘spot-lure’ theory describes how the silhouette of a nearby oceanic whitetip is easily seen; but from a distance the body’s silhouette becomes indistinct and only the moving white-tipped fins (‘spots’) remain visible. An observer would see a ‘pack’ or a ‘school’ of small, white objects moving closely together at a distance.
Drew, whoever you are, kudos for doing an excellent job!
This time, we'll try & do better in the follow-up!
The discussion about what was intended as a post about Shark diving media, how we, the operators must act as stewards and gate keepers and how we miserably failed to do so in Fiji got derailed and quickly morphed into a petty mud slinging contest.
Not that I'm surprised: the Shark universe is populated by uniquely abrasive and strong personalities and in the present case, it was all too easy to interpret it as the attempt by one operator to rubbish his direct competitor.
Alas, it is the pure mechanics of the present event that have led to this unfortunate situation.
In that context, I'm particularly thankful to Patric for having reverted the discussion to its core message: the despicable anti-Shark rubbish producers like Gurney pitch and Discovery fund and then air, and the role we the operators, other enablers and the filming industry can, and need to play in order to prevent it from happening in the future.
I was happy to hear that several well-meaning, intelligent and passionate people out there are already working on various tangible initiatives aimed at reaching that goal.
I cannot really talk about it, the more as I don't know the details - but my hunch is that it involves coming up with better programs but also, coaching and empowering the operators.
Regardless of the end result (it won't be easy, it never is), that in itself is progress.
And if our rants have made a useful contribution to that discussion, we are quite happy to weather any resulting backlash - as there undoubtedly will be.
Shark diving is evolving at a staggering pace and this is but one small step in that process.
Yes there have been quite a few setbacks but overall, the direction is clear: as an Industry, we need to assume responsibility for protecting the Oceans we love and from which we derive our sustenance.
The big Gorilla in the room is of course the seemingly insatiable appetite for Shark fins and the resulting slaughter of Sharks. I've blogged about it before, the likely solution will have to be some sort of a compromise.
But we're just to small for tackling the Gorilla.
Our personal contribution to finding solutions consists in trying to help change perceptions - and trying to have the media depict a more positive image of Sharks is part of that effort.
We also believe in promoting small-scale Conservation that will help preserve and regenerate stocks until bigger and better funded NGOs and Governments agree to put in place better, comprehensive and Conservation-oriented legislation. Luckily for us, Fiji has already firmly embarked on that route.
Thirdly, we believe in sponsoring research that will provide the data required for that process.
And finally, we believe that we need to involve the local stakeholders and the Country that hosts us as this is the only way we will be able to achieve sustainable and enduring results.
This would be us - others have different priorities and aims.
Difficult to say where it was shot, tho the sizable piece of land in the background may indicate that it was off one of the main islands.
2009 is the year where our Bull Shark research is gradually been extended to the principal rivers. It will start with TEK, i.e. obtaining Traditional Ecological Knowledge through interviews with the local population. Promising rivers will then be analyzed to a greater degree, mainly with the aim of identifying the local Bull Shark nurseries. For that, we will selectively deploy acoustic receivers coupled with the tagging of pregnant females.
But I sure would like to do it!
As always, keep watching this space!
Nonsense - but for a good Cause!
This reminds me of that trip to Wolf and Darwin.
At which Valerie quietly took him to one side and whilst lauding his zeal, gently explained that he should stop making up such nonsense as it was completely destroying his credibility and defeating the aims of what he was trying to achieve.
I was reminded of Carlos when I found this article.
I can see that what he is really trying to achieve, is to convince the local fishermen that Whale Sharks are useful and thus worthy of protection. In a way, that's smart pro-Conservation marketing using a local calamity as a pretext.
That is, until one starts to examine the details.
Of course, Whale Sharks are not giant mammals - but let's be generous and attribute that to an editorial mistake.
But "Plankton" is not simply "Plankton" and Whale Sharks eat Zooplankton, not algae. Here, we're talking about a persistent and apparently, toxic algal bloom which is said to be triggered by pollution - hardly the kind of meal that would motivate an army of Whale Sharks to hone in for a feast!
I would also dare to venture the presumption that the assertion that they are immune to toxins which are lethal to humans is a "Carlos", a daring and spectacular assertion that has been made up on the fly.
In fact, it's not even very plausible.
I did google "Red Tide dead Fish" and have come up with 1,240,000 entries talking about the toxicity of Red Tides to Vertebrates. There's no reason to assume that Evolution would have selected for a largely oceanic Carnivore to have developed an immunity to a largely coastal phenomenon involving plant-like matter - the more as most coastal Fishes for whom the selective pressure would have to be higher haven't managed to do so, this probably owing to the rarity of those tides.
But I shall be happy to be proven wrong!

A surcharge of 20% applies in case of night service (from 10:00 pm to 6:00 am), Sundays and bank holidays.
A surcharge of 40% applies in case of night service + holidays.
Up to 30 minutes waiting time included.

Hey Buddy!, I found this information for you: "Auto Renewal". Here is the website link: https://wetalktrade.com/. Thank you.

There are several ways that you can see the park!
This is one of the most popular activities around the Gulfo Dulce and (in the high season) boats leave almost daily from Puerto Jimenez.
During the tour, there is always a snorkeling stop where you can jump in the water at a perfect little reef to see all typical tropical fish, sea-turtles, and coral!
The tours usually go for half a day, includes light snacks, fruits, and drinks, and start from around $75 per person.
If you wish you can do a stop and a tour at the Wildlife sanctuary on the other side of the Gulf, which costs $25 entrance fee (as a donation).
Kayaking is one of the most popular activities in the Gulfo Dulce. You can choose one of many kayak outfitters in Puerto Jimenez – we’re glad to set you up. You can also do a guided tour, where you’ll see and experience much more than going by yourself.
To find out more, just ask us, we’re glad to help you get everything set up.
The boat tour that goes to the sanctuary usually also includes Dolphin and whale watching, so you can do both things in one day! The boat tour starts from $75 per person.
We have amazing sport fishing right outside our front door – in the Gulfo Dulce, and a bit off shore from the Peninsula. We are glad to help you set up any Sport fishing trip from our Hotel.
Just ask us, and we’ll get a great deal for you with experienced sportfishermen!
There are a couple of Canopy Zip Lining places near Puerto Jimenez. We are glad to set up a Canopy Trip for you from our hotel.
Matapalo is a beautiful place to visit for a day trip. You can hike around in the area by yourself and visit a waterfall. If you go with a guide, you can do and see even more.
Matapalo is also an amazing spot for world class surfing. There are several surf breaks and beaches that you can choose from. Also surfing lessons are offered. If you’re interested we’re glad to set something up for you!

I want to thank you for that warm welcome this afternoon. And I want to thank my wife, Lynne, for the introduction. It's fitting that she should speak first because her grades were much better than mine. (Laughter.)
Over the last four years you've also had the guidance and the good example of some very fine educators. So I want to recognize and thank the faculty and staff of Natrona County High School. (Applause.)
I've been looking forward to being with you today. It takes me down a trail of memory to look at that picture of our high school, see the orange and black tassels of the class of 2006. I think back to our own graduation ceremony in 1959. Of course, we had a commencement speaker, too -- but darned if I can remember who it was. (Applause.)
But I do remember that my job at graduation was to be one of the student speakers at the ceremony, because I was the class president. That was my first campaign for office.
But the absolute best thing that happened to me at NCHS was that I met Lynne. She was an outstanding student, a champion baton twirler, our homecoming queen in 1958, and in August, we'll celebrate our 42nd wedding anniversary. (Applause.)
So that's one important thing I've learned. Sometimes in life we fall short of the mark, or have a false start, or a taste of disappointment. But if we're ready to take it, life usually gives us a second chance.
I've also been struck by how many times we end up taking a different path than the one we set out on. In that first decade after college I had a plan of pursuing an academic career. The idea of running for office or working in government was not part of the picture at all. Instead, the way Lynne and I saw things, we were both going to stay in graduate school, earn Ph.D.'s, and find jobs as professors. But before long we found ourselves in Washington, and following a journey in government and public life that would not have occurred to us just a few years earlier.
This has been sort of a pattern in my life -- the unexpected opportunities that arise suddenly and set you on a different course. Even in the year 2000, more than 40 years after I finished high school, something entirely new came along. George W. Bush was campaigning for President, and he called and asked if I would help him find a running mate to be his Vice President. Well, we all know how that turned out. And let me put this lesson in very specific terms: If you ever get asked to head up an important search committee, say yes.
Even if we cannot predict all the turns that lie ahead of us, I suppose a few things can be counted on. In any productive life you're going to find a lot of hard work, and belief in that work.
Remember, too, that the best friends you'll ever have are also the first people you ever knew. Nobody understands you better; nobody will ever have your interests more deeply at heart, than your Mom and Dad. Before long, more than a few of you will find yourselves leading busy lives far from home. But whatever the distance in miles, I promise that you will never regret staying close to your parents.
Wherever life takes us, it's also good to keep an eye out for people who can give you advice, or give you a hand, or simply be trusted to help you think and figure out a problem. In this world there is information and opinion -- and then there is knowledge and wisdom. And a lot turns on knowing the difference. I've been fortunate to have some great mentors in my life.
I took that advice to heart and ran instead for the House of Representatives. Sure enough, Al Simpson did run for the Senate; and sure enough, somebody else got their fanny kicked. And I didn't tell that -- just how until many, many years later. The decision was mine, and I needed Stan's wisdom to help me think it through. We're always better off if we seek out people who know more than we do, and ask them questions, and take their good advice.
With that, I want to congratulate you on earning your diploma. It's been my privilege to share the day with you and your families. You make the home town mighty proud. Good luck and Godspeed to my fellow alumni -- the Natrona County class of 2006. (Applause.)

As an adult in this overpopulated, heated and poisonous world with denigrated soils, it is clear to me that we must stop this affront. Our breadbasket is polluted; our water is polluted; our air, though not so bad where I live, is unbreathable in many places. The fossil fuel industry and its byproducts are harming the creative soul we all possess.
If this paternalistic view were to give way to nature and nature-inspired love and respect, it would go far to help peace in this world. We are in an evolutionary process. Our children’s futures aren’t looking very bright and the dispossessed are all crying out.
Feeling hurt and invalid is what they initially feel. After that come anger and/or soul searching. We are in a time when so much suffering is happening that we must become humane towards the whole planet, because our Mother Earth has taken about as much abuse as she can and is dying.
Many people have good answers to these problems but have been shut down from creative solutions. The time to go on a better path is now or the elitists will exploit us a little longer so they can create for themselves new homes on other planets. So much for Mother Earth. She’s just a commodity.
After I contacted him, Neevel at first agreed to look into this side of Ms. Krop but, “on second thought,” decided to leave his puff piece alone. Not a credible level of journalism, I’d say.
On Jan. 20, 2017, a fascist will become president of the United States. This is not a sudden event, but a moment that has been building for decades. Even as great progress has been made by the people in establishing and protecting our civil rights, authoritarian elements have achieved their own power through lies and abuse of government institutions.
However, for every advance authoritarians have made, citizens stand together to push them back. Eugene Resistance Training is a series of free classes being offered to the community to teach methods of nonviolent resistance that have been tested and refined in conflicts against repressive governments around the world.
Our goal is to channel the anxiety, anger and fear from the terrifying recent developments into energy towards planning campaigns, learning how to manage group dynamics and structure, and other critical tools for effective nonviolent organizing.
The introductory first class will be at 3 pm on Saturday, Dec. 17, in the Growers Market upstairs space, 454 Willamette Street. For more information on the curriculum we will be borrowing from, go to tinyurl.com/zfz6a3y. The struggle continues.
Being an open-minded medium, I would like to express my views on a very private subject.
Yesterday, after my third cup of tea at The Beanery in Corvallis, I headed towards the bathroom. There was a woman holding the key, talking to one of the baristas. In my distress, I asked politely: “May I go before you and I will be quick.”
I also noted that the seat was already up when I went in, which she acknowledged. She began to get quite agitated, saying she did not like to touch the toilet seat. I said that I don’t, either.
I suggested that there was more going on than with her than just the position of the toilet seat, and she acknowledged this. She left quite upset, leaving me to return the key to its proper place.
Perhaps this is fair, in that the species need only to move the toilet seat 24 out of 64 times instead of 30 out of 64 times.
I don’t know about anybody else, but my technique is to grab a small piece of toilet paper, lowering the seat if necessary and wiping the seat before I sit on it.
As long as I’m on the subject of public toilets: How about gender-free public toilets? Sinks outside and a series of booths with toilets. I just want privacy while I’m doing my little work, but I don’t mind sharing a sink.
Chomsky has been documenting that paint job for well over 40 years. As early as 1988, he predicted the dire consequences of increasing greenhouse gas concentrations. That same year, he predicted the eventual likelihood that the American working-middle classes, abandoned by the corporate-governmental elite, would turn to a supposedly plain-talking demagogue who promised simplistic solutions, especially by blaming minorities and foreigners.
Every time you order a burger or any meat dish, it’s very likely you are eating “tortured” meat. It’s difficult to find much grass-fed, humanely raised meat in most restaurants, even the expensive restaurants.
It took me a long time to really comprehend the horrors of factory farms. The misery and suffering of the animals is only one aspect. The environmental impact of factory farms is huge.
We do not have to become complete vegans to begin to change our diets and make more healthful and humane choices. Start slowly: Eat less meat, and when you do know where the meat comes from, and the eggs as well. Even small changes go a long way; old habits and taste buds die hard. The millions of burgers and tacos sold in fast food chains are all made of tortured meat.
Educate yourself on what these factory farms look like and what they are doing to sentient beings.
Of course, factory farms are just one example in thousands of the way we as human animals mistreat other animals.
Looks, language, manner, values, beliefs, feelings and consciousness all come into play when the social content is mixed with different people, of the same human species, meeting and interacting. For the “law” department to not get the reflection she was cleverly demonstrating reflects much more on their lack of consciousness and unawareness of the eternal problem that exists at the root of justice.
UO Law faculty should grow up and find another occupation (hopefully not in the court system). Legal judgment is not about what the judge likes. Law should be about fairness, understanding, empathy and reason, so as to engender ethical confidence in everyone who is unfortunate enough to have to face this process.
No wonder the Supreme Court, an oxymoron, demonstrates the pitfall of narcissism’s judgements.
Schurtz’s Halloween playing was a revelation, not complicity. OU faculty didn’t get it. I’ll bet they didn’t know a thing about the book Black Man in a White Coat.
There is a solution, though, to quell their sad feelings, and this group of people will undoubtedly respond well to this suggestion.
We give them all a participation ribbon.
What’s more, she slammed Mountain Rose Herbs, a local company that provides jobs for 200 people, for following reputable business practices — destroying plants they found were contaminated with the timber herbicide, atrazine and taking the economic hit.
I would be pleased to welcome Morrison to a public debate on the Oregon’s forest practices act, and its failure to protect people, communities, drinking water and fish habitat. We could also discuss the impact of clearcut logging on climate and carbon. Real facts required. Let’s not let the timber industry hide the truth in the guise of another misleading opinion piece.
Charging student food workers who make $9.75 an hour is so cheap and stingy it makes me cringe.
The UO will say salaries and perks are contract issues that can’t be changed, and we have to attract the best. I’ve heard that sorry excuse for over-paying management forever. It’s a good old boys network that keeps the money flowing to the top. That’s what’s not fair about charging student food workers for their shift meals.
For the first session, I attended the men’s “safe space.” This was safe only if one accepts the social justice narrative. For pointing out cases where this narrative is at odds with reality, I was labeled a racist and was told to silence myself. Three times, I had to say, “Do not put words in my mouth.”
For example, isn’t it ironic how the “progressive stack” finds female-tenured professors to be more oppressed than homeless white men?
Environmental problems, social missteps and economic stability are symptoms, not the cause, of the hot air we choke on.
As candidates refused to share “secrets” or accept responsibility for past incidents, voters were kept in the dark about any actual leadership strategy they would follow. Substance was overlooked as we focused on perceived personality. Split down the middle our nation became a land of them and us.
The election is over. What comes next? Just more hot air unless we accept responsibility. A successful democracy involves more than basking in months of rhetoric followed by a few minutes casting a ballot.
Democracy works when citizens participate. Casting your vote was a good start, but don’t just sit there waiting for the premier of the next season of reality shows. Make a difference now. Turn the heat up on hot air by taking an active role in the life of our community.
There is a clear danger to wolves from illegal poaching and from unnecessarily fearful messages. We also need to be cognizant of the danger that our own public officials present. ODFW is waging a war on wolves, and we need to tell them this is not acceptable.
The Many Rivers Group of the Sierra Club wants wolves in Oregon, and we believe that, unless we Oregonians make it clear to our legislators that we want wolves here, we may never have the chance to see or hear a wolf in the wild.
Perhaps it’s time to abolish all political parties?
Perhaps it’s time to eliminate the Electoral College?
Also — isn’t it ironic that some of the student protesters of the ’60s and ’70s voted to elect Trump!
The Don hath bitch-slapped progressive liberals everywhere. Wow. I am tempted to be really mean at this point, but we’ve had enough of that, yes? The question now is will our beloved leader continue to spray the berries? The answer? Hell yes, but only if it’s cost effective.
A visible, external enemy is much easier to recognize and face than an internal one, the Democratic party being a microcosm of the U.S. itself, in this case.
I am reminded of the story of the people, the Nimipu, the Nez Perce and Chief Joseph, who ended up in Canada in the cold and snow only to die and be captured. Canadians didn’t want them, it turned out. They had their own problems. However, many of the Nimipu voted Republican and stayed home. The price was their land and dignity, but at least they were alive … sort of.
In response to a writer from last week who seemed to have a huge problem with outdoor smoking locally (Letters, “Smoke and Mirrors,” Aug. 2): … Continue reading →

Section 2-1 Conditional Statements. If – Then Statements If the Lions lose this week, then they are going to be 0-5. This is a conditional statement The.
Presentation on theme: "Section 2-1 Conditional Statements. If – Then Statements If the Lions lose this week, then they are going to be 0-5. This is a conditional statement The."— Presentation transcript:
6 Try on your own Glass objects are fragile The correct way is: If it is a glass object, then it is fragile
7 Counterexamples Counterexamples are one case which proves the entire statement false Example: I have the fastest car on Earth, the counterexample would be to find a faster car.
9 Find the counterexample If it is February, then there are only 28 days in this month Leap Year has 29 days in February
10 Find the counterexample If you live in California, then you live in Los Angeles A person who lives in San Diego
Download ppt "Section 2-1 Conditional Statements. If – Then Statements If the Lions lose this week, then they are going to be 0-5. This is a conditional statement The."

Don't forget to leave a comment on the blog posts you do read to say thanks to the homeschoolers that gave you a glimpse inside their lives.
This week it's Learning Spaces, this is a tricky one for me and I'm guessing for most homeschoolers as I can easily show you a room but in reality we truly do use our entire house, and the houses of our co-op families, it just depends on what it is we are doing.
Thank you for joining myself and Chareen, at Every Bed Of Roses for this year's Not Back To School Blog Hop.
Your classroom is so clean! LOL I think I need to do a clean up before I take photos of mine and share ;)

If you're a supporter of leaves, then Here is the suitable artificial tree variety in your case. Standing at a powerful, this majestic Sakaki tree will definitely command focus, whether or not you end up picking to display it in your house or Workplace.
If you intend to hang an abundance of ribbon or ornaments, take into consideration purchasing a tree that isn’t way too dense with foliage. After all, you would like space to Screen your cherished heirlooms as well as other prospers.
On your Basic safety To minimize the threat of a fireplace, maintain artificial trees in very well-ventilated parts that are not way too cramped rather than also close to an electrical outlet.
FOR YOUR Protection To minimize the specter of a hearth, hold artificial trees in perfectly-ventilated regions that aren't much too cramped rather than too near an electrical outlet.
YES! As an additional advantage, you can expect to obtain No cost worth shipping and delivery on a sizable selection of non-suitable Delivery
Pass-eligible purchase. In such cases, The shopper Treatment team will take away your account from car-renewal to make sure you usually small black christmas tree are not billed for yet another calendar year and you'll keep on to use the membership till the end of the membership time period.

With ALA Annual just days away, our sponsors are even more excited to let you know about what they've got going on here. You've seen previews week One and Two, so this is your third and final chance to find out about the best books/events/parties/massages.

Top 5 things to do in Delhi at night. Fortunately, you have found a page which isn’t talking about bar hopping, for a change. Delhi being the national capital of India, sure has a lot to immerse you with – other than liquor for a Delhi night out.
This post is about what the mettle of Delhi is made of – its spiritual, historical and cultural wealth. Let me take you on a journey of Delhi as never before.
Featured as number 1 amongst all Sound and Light shows in India by Tripsavvy, for all the right reasons.
There were mosquitoes, because of the lush gardens with trees all around. As soon as the officials noted that some guests weren’t well equipped, they started distributing tubes of mosquito repellent. You can carry your own patch if you want to.
We went beyond half an hour of the time it was supposed to start, but nothing happened. My patience was over and I ran into the in-charge of the show, who explained that there has been a fault. However, they are trying their best and in worst case scenario, they shall give up and the monies returned.
I folded my hands in prayer and finally the show started.
Within 15 seconds of it running, I had forgotten about all my woes – the delay and the mosquitoes. The show was one of its kind! Much advanced than the simple light projections combined with sound that you usually see all over India.
It was a high tech digital saga, projected upon a piece of history. The display of light and sound was superb and very artistic.
Most beautifully done, it was artistically and emotionally appealing. With the interesting stories of how these cities were formed, one after the other. Involving the stalwarts of the history of Delhi with their love and desire for it!
This is one thing that actually made me familiar with Delhi, more than anything else.
Once the show starts, no photography is allowed. So the only way you can relish it, is by being there. See you!
This sikh temple has the best approach in terms of location amongst 6 significant others. I took a metro ride and walked to the temple, you can also take a taxi. However, if you are taking a self-drive, be sure to find it hard to park because it is a very popular one too!
I started my tour of the temple with their exhibition hall, just when you enter the temple. That turned out to be a great decision, because it talked about the founding principles of Sikhism very well.
However, Sikhism was founded based on non-religion, a sort of belief that introduced humanity to its own self. The central tenet of Sikh philosophy is ‘Om’ – the supreme sound of the universe. It only encourages its followers to believe that we all are one, coming from one source.
So now when it was clear to me that I was in a place of spirituality, not religion, I moved forward.
There is a small pool created just when you enter the temple, so your feet are washed automatically.
Everything in the sikh temple is community based. Every service that you see happening in a Sikh temple is voluntary and anybody can take part in it. From the stall where I deposited my shoes, to the giant community kitchen where they serve food to approximately 25000 people per day.
Everything is run by volunteers, donating their service in the name of God. It is important to note here that they come from all walks of life, to the economically average to people who have parked their Rolls Royce in the parking.
To sit there was a refreshing experience. With the prayer being flashed in English on the TV screens all inside the hall, I could also follow it a little.
I then went over to the big pond which the Sikh take as holy. Sprinkling water over themselves to attain peace. Upon asking a young cameraman who was also a volunteer covering the evening beauty of the temple, he told me something very interesting.
The water of the pond is holy not because of any faith, but because of the positive energy it accumulates through the chanting in the Gurudwara. Now, that made sense!
We were expecting crowds and so mentally prepared for it. However, once we found a place and became settled for Qawwalis, that is all we were looking forward to. Just claim your space and be there, that’s the best idea.
The divinity of the singing is something I won’t be able to explain here. Luckily for me, one of the members of the oldest ‘Qawwal’ family found me inspired and hence shared some precious information with me, which I can share with you here.
Although each of these family has its own group now, but when they sing for Hazrat Nizamuddin, they sit together – as one family!
To break it for you, ‘Qawwali’ is nothing but the singing of ‘Aqwal’ which are the spiritual teachings of the self-realized men.
Depending what time you are visiting, keep time aside for having one of the best non-veg food in Delhi. Well, I am a vegetarian, but my meat-eating friend was licking her fingers away. One of the best Tandoori Naan – clay oven bread I ever had, was here only.
This tour is not just about food, but the soul of Delhi – come sample some with me.
After meeting these lovely people, we moved towards our first food stop. Potato cutlets dunked in a variety of Indian sauces and sprinkled with spices – we finished it all while it was still hot and steamy.
Making our way through some of the busiest roads of Delhi, we sat in a small shop to samples some heritage. In this shop a few hundred years old, we had one of the most favourite rite Indian meal – Parathas. Indian breads stuffed with varieties you cannot even imagine!
After satiating ourselves with lots of sugar in clarified butter, we moved on to see the largest spice market of Asia. But only after drinking a whole glass of think Mango Lassi – a speciality that is only available in summers.
Just to give you an idea of the fact that the contents and the stops of this tour keep changing as per season.
In this spice market, you can find rare spices that even the Indian families don’t use anymore. World renowned chefs and lovers of Indian food can be seen taking walks here often.
Just nearby was the oldest flower market of Delhi and the fragrant roses there, just took my heart away with the evening breeze. Marigolds were glistening in the light – reminding us of where we were standing – ‘Chandni Chowk’ – the square of the eternal moonlight. Well, that is a story for another time as I always say.
For non-vegetarians, this is a dream come true. For me, I still managed to taste some subtle Mughal flavors, at the best restaurant in Delhi when it comes to authentic Mughlai flavors – Karim’s. Read more about it in ‘Where to find the best Mughlai Dishes in Delhi’ on Culture Trip.
To top it all, we had some delicious rice pudding set in terracotta – giving it an absolutely unique flavour! And more than a dozen Kulfis – Indian lollies made of nothing but real fruit pulp. It was the season of Indian Black Plum and it turned out to be my favorite!
Not to feel the eras gone by, which is the case in most temples in India. Visit this one if you want to see an ornate Indian temple with rich carvings in mint condition!
Why Akshardham is featured here is specially because of its water show. For less than a dollar, you shall be witnessing a high-tech fountain show with laser lights and an amazing display of Indian mythology.
Expect heavy crowds, because after all there is something so magnificent that is displayed here almost for free. They say 70% of the travellers who come into Delhi, go to Akshardham. I wouldn’t be surprised.
The show is only in Hindi, but quite well presented – so shouldn’t be difficult to understand for a non-hindi speaker. Plus the feel of being in India is not compromised at all, after all this is why you visit other countries 😊
Cameras are not allowed inside and there is long queue for depositing it and other electronics, so better leave them home! Or get ready to be in the queue.
I watched the entire water show while it was raining, and I say, it was worth it!

Author of "Woman's Right To Labor,"
"None of us is mad enough to say
It is due to myself to say, that the manner in which the Autobiography is
subordinated to the general subject in the present volume, and also the
profit by her goodness, and are very far from being my own choice.
certainty, the real significance of the obstacles they have themselves
fields of labor, because, on the one side, the destitution and vice they
have helped to create appalls their consciousness; and, on the other, a
I do not exaggerate. Every helpless woman is such a blasphemy. So, indeed,
So it happened, that, after the publication of "Woman's Right to Labor,"
generous men came forward to help me carry out my plans. The best printer
in Boston said, "I am willing to take women into my office at once, if you
can find women who will submit to an apprenticeship like men." On the same
conditions, a distinguished chemist offered to take a class of women, and
said the would-be printers, "we will go into an office for six months;
but, by that time, our oldest sisters will be married, and our mothers
"An apprenticeship of six years!" exclaimed the young lady of a chemical
turn. "I should like to learn very much, so that I could be a chemist, _if
I." It is easy to rail against society and men in general: but it is very
Having spoken plain to society, having won the sympathy of men, let us see
"Six years out of the very bloom of our lives to be spent in the
But what happens ten years afterward, when, from twenty-six to thirty,
because well-founded hopes of a home or a "career" have failed;
broken,--what have they now to say to the printing-office or the
discontented, that, in competing with men who have spent their whole lives
in preparation, they can only be paid at half-wages. What does common
trades or professions; and, having taken up a resolution, should abide by
There was Florence Nightingale. But her father had a title: it was fair
career, my young friends had their objections ready. No one had ever been
they; and, provoking as these objections were, I felt that they had force.
and devotion of men in the same paths; nothing more. What I wanted was an
assisted, showed me how comfortable a thing it was to rest at the mercy of
height, that it was at once rejected as a lesson.
the men_, with whom they must ultimately work; and not likely, therefore
about the unwillingness of women to enter the reading-room of the Cooper
"A woman's library," in any city, is one of the partial measures that I
a library in New York. I look upon it as one of those half-measures which
must be endured in the progress of any desired reform; and, while I wish
consciousness, I have no words with which to express my shame at the
refuses to buy every article of her apparel from the hands of a man, or to
What are we to think, then, of the delicacy which shrinks from the
Of course, we are to have no patience with it, and to refuse utterly to
The object of my whole life has been to inspire in women a desire for
training can women be sure that they will be well trained; only by
"Free labor and free society:" I have said often to myself, in these two
and, looking off over the valleys of human endeavor together, they will
When neither has any thing to hide from the other, no social duty will
seem too difficult to be undertaken; and, when the interest of each sex is
to secure the purity of the other, neither religion nor humanity need
It was while fully absorbed in thoughts and purposes like these, that, in
She spoke to them of her experience in the hospital at Berlin, and showed
the English language; though it was quite evident that she was fluent,
even to eloquence, in German. Now and then, a word failed her; and, with a
equalled. I got from it a new revelation of the power of the English
from her own experience one of which was told in a manner which impressed
"Soon after I entered the hospital," said Marie, "the nurse called me to a
slops, which she threatened to throw all over me, as she exclaimed, 'Don't
dare to come here, you green young thing!'
mean that you look on me as a woman?'
"'How else?' I answered; while she retreated to her bed, all the rest
"'Arrange your beds,' I said; 'and in fifteen minutes let me return, and
"When, late at night, I entered my room, it was fragrant with violets. A
"'You called me a woman,' she said, 'and you pity us. Others call us by
you--no: I will not hate you any longer. There was a time when I might
Listen to me. If _you_ say there is any hope, I will yet be an honest
"She had had respectable parents; and, when twenty years old, was deserted
by her lover, who left her three months pregnant. Otherwise kind, her
confinement, she took the small-pox. When she came out, with her baby in
her arms, her face was covered with red blotches. Not even the lowest
a brothel, where she soon took the lead. Her child died, and she once more
attempted to earn her living as a seamstress. She was saved from
starvation only by her employer, who received her as his mistress. Now her
firebrand. 'I thought of stealing,' she said, 'only as an amusement: it
was not exciting enough for a trade.'. She found herself in prison; and
was amused to be punished for a trifle, when nobody suspected her crime.
"When I thanked her for her violets, she kissed my hands, and promised to
"While she remained in the hospital, I took her as my servant, and trusted
every thing to her; and, when finally discharged, she went out to service.
She wished to come with me to America. I could not bring her; but she
followed, and, when I was in Cleveland, inquired for me in New York."
It will be impossible, for those who have not heard such stories from the
from the pure lips of the lecturer. For the first time I saw a woman who
the idle, and the purification of society.
did not know how many years she had studied; but I saw thoroughness
gaze that pierced the assembly; but I felt very sure that it could be as
tender as it was keen. For the first time I saw a woman in a public
and society she did not understand.
I thanked God for the sight, and very little thought that I should see
her again. She came once more, and we helped her to establish the Women's
I had never felt any special interest in this college. I was willing it
should exist as one of the half-way measures of which I have spoken,--like
already existed to women, and I left it to others to nurse the young life
and I desired, above all things, to protect women from second-rate
capable of spreading a contagious fondness for the study of medicine, as
have to say, I should have felt sure of being understood, if I had not
seen her for six months; nor could she have failed to find a welcome in my
Then I heard the course of lectures which she delivered to ladies in the
spring of 1860. For the first time, I heard a woman speak of scientific
look forward to marriage as an end, while it would lead them to accept it
entered it, I could see, without measuring her own purpose and its use.
It was with such feelings, and such knowledge of Marie, that in a private
with undisguised pleasure that she had in her possession an autobiography
of her friend, in the form of a letter. I really longed to get possession
Miss Booth to get consent to its publication; "for," I said, "no single
thing will help my work, I am convinced, so much."
"I look forward to its publication," she replied, "with great delight: it
will be the sole labor of love, of my literary life. But neither you nor I
"The good of her own sex," I replied, "and a better knowledge of the
the imprint they have left. This is one of those rare cases, in which a
life may belong to the public before it has closed."
Zakrzewska. Imagine my surprise when she came to me one day, and laid
before me the coveted manuscript. "It is yours," she said, "to publish if
her convictions accord with yours, and she does not think she has any
have earned in reference to 'woman's labor' entitles you to edit it."
to understand, that, had she been of American birth, she would never have
consented to the publication of her letter in her lifetime. "But," she
said, "I am a foreigner. You who meet me and sustain me are entitled to
just now beginning. It will make a good sequel to 'Woman's Right to
"Only too good," I thought. "May God bless the lesson!"
keep its original, simple form, to indicate how and why it was written: so
I invite my friends to read it at once with me. Here is something as
It is especially for your benefit that I write these facts of my life. I
work that I have to show to the world; yet you may find, in reading this
education would have done in my place, for the reason that confidence and
faith in their own powers were wanting. And, for this reason, I know that
this story might be of use to others, by encouraging those who timidly
shrink from the field of action, though endowed with all that is necessary
to enable them to come forth and do their part in life. The fact that a
who are fitted to do much, yet who do nothing because they are not
accustomed to determine and decide for themselves.
I do not intend to weary you with details of my childhood, as I think that
attractive in them, and appreciate what is said in correspondence with
their own feelings. I shall, therefore, only tell you a few facts of this
period of my life, which I think absolutely necessary to illustrate my
I was born in Berlin, Prussia, on the 6th of September, 1829; and am the
eldest of a family of five sisters and one brother. My early childhood
always in good humor, even when sick. I was quiet and gentle in all my
one year younger than myself, who was always glad to listen to these
playmates seemed to take it for granted, that it was their duty to carry
My memory is remarkable in respect to events that occurred at this time,
while it always fails to recall dates and names. When twenty years of age,
I asked my father what sort of a festival he took me to once, in company
with a friend of his with only one arm, when we walked through meadows
with much surprise, that it was a public festival of the cabinet-makers,
which was celebrated in a neighboring village; and that I was, at that
He was so much interested in my story, that I related another of my
dressing. After this was accomplished, she handed me a cup of something
which I had never tasted before, and which was as disagreeable as
assafoetida in later years. This was some coffee, which I had to take
instead of my usual milk. Then I went with my father to the large park
looking at the big oaks which seemed to reach into the heavens, or
meanwhile, from the edge of a little pond covered with water-lilies. I was
when I related this to my father. I know I walked till I got fairly tired,
way home, and the sun was setting. Then I begged for some large yellow
pockets; so that, when we reached home, I had eaten them all. I was sick
after I went to bed, and remember taking some horrible stuff the next
laughed, and said that I was only twenty-six months old, when my father's
these two events, and a third which occurred a year after, every thing
while my father cried with sobs. I had just completed my third year, and
could not understand why, the next day, this little thing was carried off
From that time, I remember almost every day's life.
most little girls, I was well provided with dolls; and, on the day after a
broken; when she was considered dead, and preparations were made for her
were put on for the funeral; a cricket was turned upside-down to serve as
mother by going out before she had recovered from the measles, &c. Once I
been killed by her brother, who, in amusing himself with picking off the
real skin over the heart, as they could see; thus leaving it to beat in
the air, and causing the little one to die. This happened after we had all
When five years old, I was sent to a primary school. Here I became the
was in the right. I was told that I was not worthy to be with my
playmates; and when I reached the highest class in the school, in which
alone the boys and girls were taught separately, I was separated from the
latter, and was placed with the boys by way of punishment, receiving
instructions with them from men, while the girls in the other class were
while with the girls I was quiet, shy, and awkward. I never made friends
with the girls, or felt like approaching them.
Once only, when I was eleven years old, a girl in the young ladies'
visions, but extremely sweet and gentle in her manners. My love for her
was unbounded. I went to church in her company, was present at all the
religious festivals, and accompanied her to receive religious instruction:
in short, I made up my mind to become a Catholic, and, if possible, a nun
for the first time to the confessional; and, when the poor innocent child
I, too, had become a Catholic; reminding her of the holiness of her future
next morning and spoke to her as usual, she turned away from me, and burst
voice broken with sobs, she told me the whole story, and begged me to
become a Catholic as soon as I was fourteen years old. Never in my whole
another word with her. This was the only friend I had during eight and a
half years of uninterrupted attendance at school.
A visit that I paid to my maternal grandfather, when seven or eight years
old, made a strong impression on my mind. My grandfather, on his return
from the war of 1813-15, in which he had served, had received from the
half-ruined cloister, with about a hundred acres of uncultivated land
with his family; and shortly after invited the widows of some soldiers,
who lived in the city, to occupy the apartments which he did not need. The
habitable rooms were soon filled to overflowing with widows and orphans,
who went to work with him to cultivate the ground. It was not long before
cloister, and to find a shelter also within its walls. They were set to
on his land: and, in about five years, an institution was built, the more
dwelling, which, at this time, looked like a palace, surrounded by trees,
grass, and flowers. Here, in the evening, the old soldiers sung martial
while resting from the labors of the day.
I tell you of this institution so minutely, to prove to you how wrong it
children established and supported themselves, under the guidance of a
clear-headed, benevolent man, who said, "Do what you like, but work for
what you need." He succeeded admirably, though he died a very poor man;
were adopted by their relatives.
When I visited my grandfather, the "convent," as he insisted on calling
women, and two hundred and fifty orphans. One of the wings of the building
was fitted up as a hospital, and a few of the rooms were occupied by
noon, as he walked up and down the dining-room, between the long tables,
before him with an admiration that it is impossible to describe, as he
prayed, with his black velvet cap in his hand, before and after dinner;
though I could not comprehend why he should thank another person for what
had been done, when every one there told me that all that they had they
One afternoon, on returning from the dining-room to his study, I spied on
noticing that my grandfather had left the room, nor that the large bell
had rung to call the family to dinner. My grandfather, a very punctual
me; when he suddenly started on seeing the paper in my hands, and,
snatching it from me, tore it in pieces, exclaiming, "That man is insane,
and will make this child so too!" A little frightened, I went to the
dinner-table, thinking as much about my grandfather's words as about what
I had read; without daring, however, to ask who this man was. The next
to see him; but this my grandfather decidedly refused, saying that he was
like a wild beast, and lay, without clothes, upon the straw. I knew
nothing of lunatics; and the idea of a wild man stimulated my curiosity to
to let me see Jacob, until he finally yielded, to be rid of my
importunity, and led me to the cell in which he was confined. What a
of so much comfort! On a bundle of straw, in a corner of a room, with no
furniture save its bare walls, sat a man, clad only in a shirt; with the
left hand chained to the wall, and the right foot to the floor. An
inkstand stood on the floor by his side; and on his knee was some paper,
vain to draw me out of the room. But, escaping from his grasp, I stepped
tried to lift the chain, which had attracted my attention. Then, finding
it too heavy for me, I turned to my grandfather and asked, "Does not this
"Have I not always told you that you were cruel to me? Must this child
come to convince you of your barbarity? Yes: you have no heart."
I looked at my grandfather: all my admiration of him was gone; and I said,
his nature which repelled me. I spent the remainder of my visit in the
with some new cruelty; but no such instance ever came to my view.
On my return from my grandfather's, I found that a cousin had suddenly
she remained for more than a year; and, during this time, I was her
and, being gentler than the nurse, she liked to have me wash out the
issues that were made in her back and arms. The nurse, who was very
of the nurses, and their great neglect of cleanliness. One day, when the
beds, the under-nurse found fault with it, and said, "I shall tell the
doctor, when he comes, why it is that the patients always have colds."
they knew any thing about them, they would long ago have taken care that
wish rose in my mind, that some day I might be head-nurse, to prevent such
wrongs, and to show kindness to the poor lunatics.
revolutionary tendencies, which drew upon him the displeasure of the
government and caused his dismissal, with a very small pension, from his
difficulties; for our family was large, and my father's income too small
the time was out of the question In this emergency, my mother determined
to petition the city government for admission to the school of midwives
established in Berlin, in order in this manner to aid in the support of
she was admitted to the school in 1839, I being at that time ten years of
study, during six months of which they are obliged to reside in the
hospital, to receive instructions from the professors together with the
male students. My mother went there in the summer of 1840. I went to stay
at the house of an aunt, who wished my company; and the rest of the
In a few weeks, my eyes became affected with weakness, so that I could
neither read nor write; and I begged my mother to let me stay with her in
the hospital. She applied for permission to the director, and received a
favorable answer. I was placed under the care of one of the physicians
(Dr. Mueller), who took a great fancy to me, and made me go with him
led me by the hand, calling me his "little blind doctor." In this way I
could not see, but had to gain all my knowledge through hearing alone.
One afternoon, when I had taken the bandage off my eyes for the first
time, Dr. Muller told me that there was a corpse of a young man to be seen
in the dead-house, that had turned completely green in consequence of
poison that he had eaten. I went there after my rounds with him: but
finding the room filled with relatives, who were busily engaged in
adorning the body with flowers, I thought that I would not disturb them,
but would wait until they had gone before I looked at it; and went
dissecting-tables, with the necessary apparatus, stood in the centre;
walls. I examined every thing; came back, and looked to my heart's content
again at every thing there; and at last, when it became dark and I could
not leave the house, sat down upon the floor, and went to sleep, after
knocking for half an hour at the door, in the hope that some passer might
My mother, who knew that I had gone with Dr. Mueller, did not trouble
thinking that he might have taken me to his rooms, went there in search of
me, but found that he was out, and that the doors were locked. She then
inquired of the people in the house whether they knew any thing about me,
and was told that they had last seen me going into the dead-house. Alarmed
went with her to the park in which the dead-house stood, assuring her all
the way that I could not possibly be there; when, on opening the door, he
saw me sitting close by, on the floor, fast asleep.
In a few days after this adventure, I recovered the use of my eyes. As it
was at this time the summer vacation, in which I had no school-tasks, I
wanted. I told him, "Books about history;" upon which he gave me two huge
could not lay hold of me when he went his morning and evening rounds. From
this time I date my study of medicine; for, though I did not continue to
read upon the subject, I was instructed in the no less important branch of
psychology by a new teacher, whom I found on my return to school at the
To explain better how my mind was prepared for such teaching, I must go
back to my position in school. In both schools that I attended, I was
in neither: on the contrary, I was made the target for all the impudent
laughing heartily at myself, on seeing my own face by accident in a
glass, with one braid of hair commencing over the right eye, and the other
the same style the next day. My face, besides, was neither handsome, nor
and I was ridiculed for my ugliness, both in school and at home, where an
intolerable. In consequence of the loss of his position in the army, my
father could no longer afford to pay my school-bills; and was about, in
retain me without pay, although she disliked me, and did not hesitate to
show it, any more than to tell me, whenever I offended her, that she would
it not for the sake of so noble a father.
willingly, but cheerfully, wherever they could be of the least use; and
saw them accepted, and even demanded, by those who could not dispense with
them, though they shunned and ridiculed me the same as before. I felt that
from their companionship; and, when my sister did not walk home from
The idea that I might not wish to attach myself to playmates of this sort
friends among my schoolfellows, and was told that no one could love so
thought that they were wrong,--that they did not understand me,--and that
the time would come, when they would learn that a great, warm heart was
all this was for the time, a feeling of bitterness grew up within me. I
their means of support, merely because my father would not consent to
only for my father's sake that I was retained in a school where I tried to
do my best, and where I always won the highest prizes; and I could not see
why, at home, I should be forced to do housework when I wanted to read,
while my brother, who wished to work, was compelled to study. When I
complained of this last grievance, I was told that I was a girl, and never
could learn much, but was only fit to become a housekeeper. All these
things threw me upon my own resources, and taught me to make the most of
every opportunity, custom and habit to the contrary notwithstanding.
It was at this juncture that I found, on my return to school, the
of history, geography, and arithmetic; all of which were my favorite
twenty years older than myself, and in every respect a highly educated
one who ever spoke kindly to me on the subject. I told him all my
thoughts; that I did not mean to be disagreeable, but that every one
good enough at heart; and that I had at last resigned myself to my
position, as something that could not be helped. My new friend lectured me
deep impression on me. I thanked him for every reproach, and strove to do
always won the first prizes in the school, two of the other teachers soon
confidence in myself, and to try to win the companionship of the other
reproach me for my vanity, and to call me a coquette, who only thought of
bear. I knew that they were wrong: for, with all the care I bestowed on my
which I wore alternately, a week at a time, through the summer. I was
again repelled from them; and at noon, when the rest of the scholars went
in correcting the exercises of the pupils. I took the opportunity to tell
necessity to me, and I revered him like an oracle. But his health failed;
and he left the school at the end of these fifteen months, in a
consumption. Shortly after, he sent to the school for me one morning to
ask me to visit him on his deathbed. I was not permitted to leave the
class until noon; when, just as I was preparing to go, a messenger came to
upon me, that I wished to leave the school at once. I was forced to stay
three weeks longer, until the end of the quarter; when I left the
schoolroom on the 1st of April, 1843, at the age of thirteen years and
seven months, and never entered it again.
On the same day that I quitted my school, an aunt, with whom I was a
favorite, was attacked with a violent hemorrhage from the lungs, and
wished me to come to stay with her. This suited my taste. I went; and, for
Upon my return home, my father told me, that, having quitted school, I
lasted; but, as soon as this wore off, it became highly burdensome. Many a
hours in reading books from my father's library, until it grew so late,
that I was afraid that my mother, who had commenced practice, would come
home, and scold me for not attending to my work; when I would hurry to get
through, doing every thing so badly, that I had to hear daily that I was
good for nothing, and a nuisance in the world; and that it was not at all
surprising that I was not liked in school, for nobody could ever like or
life and happiness are placed in the hands of the physician, and they
practitioner can gain fame and praise in this class, which is thought so
easily satisfied. It is often said, "Oh! those people are poor, and will
be glad of any assistance." Far from it. There is no class so entirely
may lose their all, their fortune, and their happiness.
My mother went everywhere, both night and day; and it soon came to pass,
that when she was sent for, and was not at home, I was deputed to go in
mother; going with her in the winter nights from place to place, and
visiting those whom she could not visit during the day. I remember that in
twenty-five daily, with my assistance. I do not think, that, during the
month, we were in bed for one whole night. Two-thirds of these patients
were unable to pay a cent. During these years, I learned all of life that
it was possible for a human being to learn. I saw nobleness in dens, and
cost me the bloom of youth; yet I would not exchange it for a life of
beneath them, ought to be the aim of those who seek to draw true
One fact I learned, both at this time and afterwards; namely, that men
are the first to raise and cast the stone at them. Why is this? Have not
Do they do this in the consciousness of their own superior virtue? Ah, no!
of life, and that they draw lines to exclude women from earning an honest
bread by shame. All men are aware of this: therefore the good as well as
conviction, that the reason that men are unwilling for women to enter upon
public or business life is, not so much the fear of competition, or the
this peculiar charm, as the fact that they are ashamed of the foulness of
life which exists outside of the house and home. The good man knows that
it is difficult to purify it: the bad man does not wish to be disturbed in
his prey upon society. If I could but give to all women the tenth part of
my experience, they would see that this is true; and would see, besides,
that only faith in ourselves and in each other is needed to work a
no more depraved than women; or, rather, the total depravity of mankind is
From the time of my leaving school until I was fifteen years old, my life
was passed, as I have described, in doing housework, attending the sick
with my mother, and reading a few books of a scientific and literary
character. At the end of this time, a letter came from an aunt of my
there in the fall. This was probably the most decisive event of my life.
My great-aunt had a cancer that was to be taken out. The other was
full of caprices that would have exhausted the patience of the most
This aunt of mine had been sick in bed for seven years with a nervous
result. But she insisted upon it; telling us that the music was like that
ascertain the truth; and really found, that, in a public garden one and a
She never was a Spiritualist, though she frequently went into what is now
finest kind, in this condition,--far better than I have ever seen here in
America in the case of the most celebrated mediums.
She even prescribed for herself with success, yet was not a Spiritualist.
several times to pull the house down, by her violence in this condition.
She had strength like a lion, and no man could manage her. I saw the same
Lutze, but by a strong emotion which took possession of her at the time of
my great-aunt's death. She is not sorry that she has lost all these
how glad she was to be rid of all the emotions and notions she had been
of the wound. For six weeks, I was the sole nurse of the two; going from
one room to the other both night and day, and attending to the household
morning for an hour or two to do the rough work; while an uncle and a
I learned in this time to be cheerful and light-hearted in all
sole responsibility of the two sick women; the one annoying me with her
much sugar. I always had to carry the key of the storeroom to the old
aunt, in order that she might be sure that I could not go in and eat bread
when I chose. At the end of six weeks, she died; and I put on mourning for
the only time in my life, certainly not through grief.
Shortly after the death of my aunt, the attending physician introduced me
very friendly towards me, and supplied me with books; telling me that I
would not only make a good homeopathic physician, but also an excellent
medium for mesmerism, magnetism, &c. At all events, I was glad to get the
new ones, so that I had quite a library when he left the place, which he
promising to visit me there, and to teach me the art he practised.
I remained with my aunt until late in the spring; when my health failed,
and I returned home. I was very ill for a time with brain-fever; but at
father, who had become reconciled to my inclination to assist my mother,
even threatened to turn him out of the house, if I permitted him to visit
me again; and burned all my books, except one that I snatched from the
From this time, I was resolved to learn all that I could about the human
system. I read all the books on the subject that I could get, and tried
this disposition, and was glad to hear me propose to have a French teacher
in the house, both for my sake and for that of the other children. I
studied in good earnest by myself at the same time, going through the
the management of the household; but was allowed to use my leisure time as
to watch the house. Having become so much older, I was now of great
always glad to do what I could for others; and, though these years were
full of hardships, I consider them among the happiest of my life. I was as
free as it was possible for any German girl to be.
My household duties, however, continued distasteful to me, much to the
annoyance of my father, who still contended that this was the only sphere
of woman. From being so much with my mother, I had lost all taste for
by studying, in order to fit myself to become a practitioner of midwifery,
as is usual in Berlin. My father was satisfied, and pleased with this
he never really wished to have us seek this in marriage. My mother did not
profession, but because in this way she obtained the means of being
independent and of aiding in the education of the children. I persisted,
however, in my resolution; and immediately took measures to carry it into
position of a civil officer, made the application to the city magistrates
for me to be admitted as a pupil to the School for Midwives in which my
mother had been educated. In order to show the importance of this step, it
is necessary to explain more fully the history and organization of the
baffled the skill of the midwives, who had pronounced her pregnant, and
none of whom could define her disorder. After many months of suffering,
she was visited by the wife of a poor soldier, who told her what ailed
that, in consequence of her extensive practice, she was obliged to confine
with masterly skill, and wrote the first book on the subject ever
published in Germany by a woman. She was sent for from all parts of
Germany, and was appointed body-physician of the Queen, and the ladies of
respectable practice soon grew up among women. After her death, however,
from the profession, leaving it in the hands of ignorant pretenders, who
continued to practise it until 1818; when public attention was called to
the subject, and strict laws were enacted, by which women were required to
penalty of from one to twenty years of imprisonment, and the forfeiture of
the right to practise. These laws still continue in force; and a
she had done every thing that could have been done in the case, her
woman, who had done exactly what she ought.
At this time (1818), it was also made illegal for any woman to practise
among women of the higher classes. A school for midwives, supported by
the government, was established in Berlin, in which women have since
continued to be educated for practice in this city and in other parts of
applicants, to be educated for practice in Berlin; and, as they have to
study two years, there are always four of these students in the school,
two graduating every year. The remainder of the students are from the
provincial districts. To be admitted to this school is considered a stroke
of good fortune; as there are generally more than a hundred applicants,
many of whom have to wait eight or ten years before they are elected.
There is, besides, a great deal of favoritism; those women being generally
whom this chance of earning a livelihood is given, in order that they may
The male students of medicine are admitted to the university at the age of
subject, in order to learn how it is treated from different points of
view. Then, after having thus studied for a certain length of time, they
present themselves for an examination by the professors of the university,
which confers upon them the title of "M.D.," without the right to
practise. They are then obliged to prepare for what is called the State's
examination, before a Board of the most distinguished men in the
of it. He also recommended to me a course of reading, to be commenced at
once, as a kind of preliminary education; and, although he had no
elected the pupils, he promised to call upon some of them, and urge my
election. But, despite his recommendation and my father's position as
civil officer, I received a refusal, on the grounds that I was much too
did not try to remove; the former I corrected daily; and, when I was
this time, Dr. Schmidt became more and more interested in me personally.
He promised that he would do all in his power to have me chosen the next
year; while, during this time, he urged me to read and study as much as
possible, in order to become fully acquainted with the subject. As usual,
I continued to assist my mother in visiting her patients, and thus had a
study were more valuable to me than all the lectures that I ever listened
devotion, I thought of nothing else than how to prepare myself in such a
Berlin), he found a most valuable assistant in his wife,--one of the
noblest women that ever lived. She was always with him, except in the
lecture-room; and almost all of his works are said to have been written by
developed, and always declared their intellectual capacity to be the same
with that of men. This belief inspired him with the desire to give me an
education superior to that of the common midwives; and, at the same time,
sex. To this position he had in his own mind already elected me; but,
before I could take it, I had to procure a legitimate election from the
convince the government of the necessity of such a reform, as well as to
bring over the medical profession: which was not so easily done; for many
very post, which was considered valuable.
and the medical part of the committee had promised him that they would
the royal palace, obtained an audience of the king; to whom he related the
refusal of the committee to elect me, on the ground that I was too young
the city to admit me to the school; adding, that he saw no reason why
Germany, as well as France, should not have and be proud of a La Chapelle.
I was only spoken of as La Chapelle the Second; which would by no means
in advance, before having been allowed to make my appearance publicly, was
On the third day after his visit to the king, Dr. Schmidt received me into
the class, and introduced me to it as his future assistant teacher. This
announcement was as surprising to me as to the class; but I took it
place, he would not risk being attacked for it by the profession _en
On the same day, a little incident occurred which I must mention. In the
evening, instead of going alone to the class for practical instruction, I
assistant, the chief physician, had already commenced his instructions.
hurriedly came up to me, and grasped my hand, exclaiming, "Why, this is my
with whom I used to make the rounds of the hospital when twelve years old,
and who had since risen to the position of chief physician. This
the time in the hospital, being almost constantly at the side of Dr.
believe it possible for any student to learn more in so short a time than
whenever I could learn any thing by it. During the following summer, I was
obliged to reside wholly in the hospital; this being a part of the
wards, and had a fine opportunity to watch the cases by myself. In the
die before his plans in respect to me had been carried out; especially as
the state of his health had compelled him to give up his position as Chief
as professor in the School for Midwives, so that I might have the entire
twofold: firstly, the theological influence that sought to place the
secondly, the younger part of the profession, many of whom were anxious
for the post of professor in the School for Midwives, which never would
have been suffered to fall into the hands of Sister Catherine. Dr.
demanded that he should succeed in his plan; and several of the older and
more influential members of the profession took his part, among whom were
the heads of the subjects, while I had to give the real instruction. His
idea was to make me feel the full responsibility of such a position, and,
at the same time, to give me a chance to do the work that he had declared
me pre-eminently capable of doing. This was an intrigue; but he could not
have it otherwise. He did not intend that I should perform his duty for
his benefit, but for my own. He wished to show to the government the fact
that I had done the work of a man like himself, and done it well; and
that, if he had not told them of his withdrawal, no one would have
recognized his absence from the result.
At the close of this term, I was obliged to pass my examination at the
invited some of the most prominent medical men to be present, besides
day before the examination, saying, "I want to convince them that you can
The excitement of this day I can hardly describe. I had not only to appear
before a body of strangers, of whose manner of questioning I had no idea,
manner, with four more of the highest standing on each side,--making
true all that he had said in praise of me; and the rest of the class in
before my eyes, and the last question sounded like a humming noise in my
ear. I answered it--how I know not,--and was permitted to sit down and
rest for fifteen minutes before I was called to the practical examination
which the diplomas were announced, when it was found that never before had
there been so many of the first degree, and so few of the third. Dr.
Schmidt then made it known that this was the result of my exertions, and I
examination, Dr. Schmidt thought it would be an easy matter to get me
such could not be the case in a government ruled by hypocrisy and
intrigue. To acknowledge the capability of a woman did not by any means
say that she was at liberty to hold a position in which she could exercise
this capability. German men are educated to be slaves to the government:
for a kind of negative freedom; namely, for themselves: for each man,
in rank, thinks himself the lord of creation; and, of course, regards
which not only yield to the influence brought upon them by government, but
power it is to be free in thought and noble in action, and who act to the
too much of their spirit for my own good.
the few months following my examination. All the members of the medical
evening, in the heat of discussion, "For Heaven's sake! the Berlin women
are already wiser than all the men of Prussia: what will become of us if
we allow them to manifest it?" I was almost forgotten in the five months
during which the question was debated: it became more than a matter of
educated, and what is their true sphere?" and this was discussed with more
energy and spirit than ever has been done here in America.
that a woman could really be competent to hold the position in question,
raised was that my father was known as holding revolutionary principles;
and to conquer this, cost a long discussion, with many interviews of the
was much _too young_; that it would be necessary, in the course of my
duties, to instruct the young men also; and that there was danger in our
thus being thrown together. In fact, this reason, read to me by Dr.
Schmidt from one of the letters written at this time (all of which are
coming in contact with so many gentlemen, must necessarily fall in love
with some one of them, and thus end her career." To this I have only to
reply, that I am sorry that I could not have found _one_ among them that
for a while the most difficult to be met: for it was well known, that,
when a student myself, I had stood on the most friendly terms with my
fellow-students, and that they had often taken my part in little
permitted to enter or to leave without giving a reason, and where even my
private patients were sent away at the door because I did not know of
residence of those who might possibly call.
That this difficulty was finally conquered, I have to thank the students
They never seemed to think that I was not of their sex, but always treated
me like one of themselves. I knew of their studies and their amusements;
for that of their relatives. I learned, during this time, how great is the
men; and this has done more to convince me of the necessity that the two
arguments that are brought to convince the mass of this fact. As soon as
it became known among the students that my youth was the new objection,
they treated it in such a manner that the whole thing was transformed into
neither my father nor my mother attended church; and that, under such
circumstances, I could not, of course, be a church-goer. Fortunately, I
had complied with the requirements of the law, and could therefore bring
Sunday, just after the sermon was over, I remembered that I had forgotten
to give instructions to the nurse in respect to a patient, and left the
church without waiting for the end of the service. The next morning, I was
summoned to answer to the charge of leaving the church at an improper
time. The inquisitor (who was one of those who had accused me of
regularly, was anxious to make me confess that I did not care for the
service: but I saw through his policy as well as his hypocrisy, and simply
told him the truth; namely, that I had forgotten important business, and
therefore thought it excusable to leave as soon as the sermon was over.
whatever was his motive, he asked me, in reply, whether I believed that
imbecile enough to consider this as any thing more than the means by which
to keep the masses in check; adding, that it was the duty of the
themselves; and that he only wished me to act on this principle, when all
that this man was not my friend: but, when I heard this, I felt
disenchanted with the whole world; for I had never thought him more than a
that I considered him a villain. He never forgave me this, as all his
future acts proved to me: for, in his position of chief director of the
hospital, he had it in his power, more than any one else, to annoy me; and
that he did so, you will presently see.
resolve to present a declaration to the government, that I should never,
with his consent, enter the position. He had become so tired of my efforts
to become a public character in my profession, that he suddenly conceived
the wish to have me married Now, take for a moment into consideration the
facts that I was but twenty-two years of age, full of sanguine enthusiasm
inspired me with the idea of a career different from the common routine of
with it, and wished me to abandon my career. He was stern, and would not
take back his word. I could do nothing without his consent; while Dr.
Schmidt had finally overcome all difficulties, and had the prospect of
sufficient to drive one mad, and I am sure that I was near becoming so. I
was resolved to run away from home or to kill myself while my father was
equally resolved to marry me to a man of whom I did not know the sight.
him, he did on the 1st of May, 1852. On the 15th of May, I received my
twenty-two, I stood at the height of my wishes and expectations. I had
feelings on the morning of that 15th of May. I was reconciled to my
it was in this condition of mind and heart that I put on my bonnet and
thought that she saw in these tidings a cup of new life for her husband. I
me to be sure to come the next morning to enter legally upon my duties at
his side. Meanwhile, he gave me a vacation for the afternoon to see my
friends and carry them the news. He saw that I needed the open air, and
felt that he, too, must have it to counteract his joy. I went to tell my
father and several friends, and spent the day in blissful ignorance of the
The next morning, at seven o'clock, I left home to go to my residence in
opened the door for me, and gazed at me with an air of surprise. "What is
the matter?" I asked. "I am astonished to see you so cheerful," said he.
during the winter, filled in every place with flowers and tropical fruit,
depth of disappointment and despair. If there were nothing else to prove
the strength of my mind, the endurance of this sudden change would be
met him again, not as I had expected an hour before, ready to go with me
corpse. After I had left the day before, he had expressed a wish to go
success, until they arrived; when he wished to get out of the carriage,
taken a few steps when he sank to the ground, and a gush of blood from his
more than disgusting. The serpents that lie in wait for their prey are
endurable; for we know that it is their nature to be cunning and
depravity. The most of these men got what they deserved; namely, nothing:
received my instalment, not because I was wanted by the directors of the
hospital, but because they had been commanded by the government to accept
encouragement and appreciation, with no one about me in whom I had a
thousand people were constantly at war about each other's affairs. I
meanness and dishonesty as well as the rest, I could not remain there for
was the least thing to be gained by it.
I was about to commence a new period of life. I had a solid structure as
a foundation; but the superstructure had been built up in so short a time,
therefore, to tear it down myself, and to begin to build another upon the
deaconess of whom I have spoken, who had been allowed to attend the School
I was already the third accepted pupil), had as yet no position: and these
first position, with the additional title of Chief. This she would not
the supervision of a woman who had nothing to show but a thorough
education, and who was, besides, eight years younger than herself. Her
her services, I can only explain by supposing that the directors of the
position, they robbed him of one of the very best nurses that he ever had
My desire to reconcile the government of the hospital, in order that I
affirmed of me, induced me to go to one of the directors, and propose that
drop the title of Chief, and to consent that the department should be
Catherine was installed, but with a third less salary than I received;
while I had to give the daily reports, &c., and to take the chief
happy in the thought that there was now one at least who would stand by
friendship, was my greatest enemy; though I did not know it until after my
A few weeks afterwards, the city petitioned to have a number of women
nurses, who had taken the liberty to practise this art to a greater or
less extent from what they had learned of it while nursing; and, to put an
Mueller, who never had given this kind of instruction before, and who was a
special friend of mine, immediately surrendered the whole into my hands;
of the diseases of children, appointed me as his assistant. Both gentlemen
The marked preference for my wards that had always been shown by the male
neither ambitious nor envious; yet she felt that she was the second in
did they impress the nurses and the servants with the idea that she was
reporting is, that the secrecy exists only for the one whom it concerns;
is kept under constant surveillance. When it was found that no occasion
offered to find fault with me, our administrative inspector was removed,
and a surly old corporal put in his place, with the hint that the
truth was, that, in my innocence of heart, I had been striving to gain the
respect and friendship of my enemies by doing my work better than any
before me had done. To go to bed at night regularly was a thing unknown to
me. Once I was not undressed for twenty-one days and nights;
in every twenty-four hours; lecturing three hours every afternoon to the
the general supervision of the whole department. But all this could not
overcome the hostility of my enemies, the chief cause of which lay in the
same interest in me as before, and was glad to hear of my partial success.
The students, both male and female, were devoted to me, and manifested
that I received for my work. The women wished to show their appreciation
not knowing the fact, that I did it simply in order that they might pass
students when they wished to pay me for their extra instruction on the
my birthday; when two or three, instead of attending the lecture, took
possession of my room, which they decorated with flowers; while en the
themselves. This was, of course, a great surprise to me, and really made
me feel sad; for I did not wish for things of this sort. I wished to prove
should finally earn the crown of appreciation from my enemies, for which I
doing. I quietly packed every thing into a basket, and put it out of sight
under the bed, in order that I might not be reminded of my loss. Of
course, all these things were at once reported. I saw in the faces of many
therefore kept quiet week after week, until I really began to ask their
pardon in my heart for having done them the wrong to expect them to act
weeks after my birthday, I was summoned to the presence of Director Horn
(the same who had reprimanded me for leaving the church), who received me
knew that it was against the law to receive any other payment than that
how it was, then, that I had accepted gifts on my birthday. This question
fell upon me like a thunderbolt; for I never had thought of looking upon
given me the value of the presents. I told him this in reply, and also how
the whole at his command; since it had been my desire to prove, not only
that he had been vanquished in intrigue, and was resolved that the
and spoke boldly what I thought, in defiance of his authority, as I had
done at the time of the religious conversation (by the way, I never
on me; and forbade me to be present at the examination of the class, which
was to take place the next day. This was really a hard penalty, to which
he was forced for his own sake; for, if I had been present, I should have
I made my preparations to leave the hospital on the 15th of November. What
was I to do? I was not made to practise quietly, as is commonly done: my
to give him to the army; when in fears of the destiny of a daughter, they
induce her to become the slave of the marriage bond. I never doubted that
think of marriage as the means to procure a shelter and bread.
I had so many schemes in my head, that I would not listen to his words.
Schmidt, who had informed me of it as well as his colleagues, and had
and, for the next two months, I did nothing but speculate how to carry out
without thinking of laying up any money; and my whole fortune, when I left
One thing happened in connection with my leaving the hospital, which I
the minister to whom the change had to be reported; and a committee was
this was done in secrecy and not before a jury, and as the accuser was a
man of high rank, I knew nothing of it until Christmas Eve, when I
Berlin, such as was only given on rare occasions. I was also informed that
first-class certificate of what my position had been in the hospital with
the title of Chief attached. Whatever I had suffered from the injustice of
Director Horn, it was said, was greatly humiliated by the decision of
It was done, however; and I confidently told my mother of my design to
sympathy and peculiar friendship, which was the result of two similar
minds and hearts, and which made me stand even nearer to her than as a
child I could possibly have done. She consented with heart and soul,
encouraged me in all my plans and expectations, and asked me at once at
what time I would leave. I next told my father and the rest of the family
exclaimed, "And I will go with you!" My father, who would not listen to my
adventurous undertaking from having her with me, who knew nothing of the
them that I had changed my mind, and should not go away, but should
fickleness; for they did not understand my feelings in respect to the
responsibility that I feared to take for my younger sister.
I began to establish myself in practice. Mrs. Schmidt, who was anxious to
assist me in my new career, suggested to those physicians who were my
friends the establishment of a private hospital, which should be under my
care. She found them strongly in favor of the plan; and, had I not been
legalized in English, so that they could be of service to me in
that I heard from almost every quarter was, "What! you wish to go to the
land of barbarism, where they have negro slavery, and where they do not
know how to appreciate talent and genius?" But this could not prevent me
especially the reform of the position of women, to such an extent, that I
would not listen to their arguments. After having been several years in
charm, when I consider how much better it could be.
leave. He was surprised to hear of it the second time: but I showed him my
papers in readiness for the journey, and declared that I should go as soon
as the ship was ready to sail; having a hundred dollars,--just money
enough to pay my passage. He would not give his consent, unless my sister
undertakings in which I might engage in a foreign land. If I wished to go,
I was, therefore, forced to have her company; of which I should have been
to go in a fortnight. My father paid her passage, and gave her a hundred
dollars in cash,--just enough to enable us to spend a short time in New
would return; and, in case we did this, an agreement was made with the
shipping-merchant that payment should be made on our arrival in Hamburg.
On the 13th of March, 1853, we left the paternal roof, to which we should
revoir_ in America!" She was determined to follow us.
that this was the hardest moment I ever knew. Upon my memory is for ever
order to make her believe that the departure was an easy one; but a heart
My father and brothers accompanied us to the _depot_, where the cars
not left the Elbe, and that the ships could not sail until the river was
entirely free. We were forced to remain three weeks in Hamburg. We had
their way, but not sufficiently attractive to induce us to make their
acquaintance. We observed a dead silence as to who we were, where we were
going, or what was the motive of our emigrating to America. The only
nineteen, who, like ourselves, had left a happy home in order to try his
strength in a strange land. The voyage was of forty-seven days' duration;
kind; and, had it not been for the expectations that filled our hearts, we
by the inevitable sea-sickness of our fellow-passengers; and we longed for
the hour that should bring us in sight of the shores of the New World. And
how pleasant it is to see the green trees again! How brightly the sun is
gilding the land you are seeking,--the land of freedom!" With such
overflowing with pleasure at the sight of the charming landscape that
opened before her eyes after a tedious voyage of forty-seven days upon the
As soon as I had dressed for going on shore, and had packed up the things
that we had used on our voyage, in order that they might not be stolen
sister to come at least to see the last rays of sunrise; and went on deck,
distance; and the friendly barking of a dog,--all seemed to greet me with
a first welcome to the shores of this strange country: while the sun,
landscape, and so deeply impressed my soul, that tears sprang to my eyes,
and a feeling rose in my heart that I can call nothing else than
been my own wish that had made me leave the home of a kind father, and of
a noble-hearted sailor, inquired of him how long it would take us to reach
the port of New York. "That is New York," said he, pointing to a dark mass
reach there about eight o'clock; but it is Sunday, and you will have to
stay on board till to-morrow." With this he turned away, calling his men
to weigh anchor; as the physician, whose duty it was to inspect the cargo
of men, like cattle, had just left in his boat. On we went, my sister
my inward strength for the future.
I took my breakfast on deck. No one seemed to have any appetite; and I
as this!" These words were spoken by one of the cabin-passengers,--a young
man, who was exceedingly curious to know why I was going to America, and
had several times tried to make the rest of the passengers believe that it
that women could only enter into life through the tragedy of a broken
not call them; for, seen from the ship, they resembled only a pile of
feeling,--a feeling of activity that had become my ideal. I had come here
for a purpose,--to carry out the plan which a despotic government and its
show to those men who had opposed me so strongly because I was a woman,
that in this land of liberty, equality, and fraternity, I could maintain
that position which they would not permit to me at home. My talents were
in an unusual direction. I was a physician; and, as such, had for years
forced to give me the highest testimonials: and these were the only
the sailor who brought me the first news that land was in sight.
I looked again upon New York, but with a feeling that a great mystery was
lying before my eyes,--a feeling that was confirmed by the men, who came
off to the ship in small boats, speaking a language that seemed like a
matter. "O Marie!" said she, "most of the passengers are called for. Mr.
R.'s brother has just come to take him on shore. He was so glad to see
him (for he thought he was in New Orleans), that I think he will forget to
say good-by. I am afraid that we shall have to stay here all alone,
boat by the side of the ship. We looked down in surprise, but did not
recognize the man, who spoke as if he were an acquaintance. The captain
wait: he will be here in a moment."
unexpected quarter. An acquaintance of ours, who had emigrated to New York
a few years before, and had shortly after married a Mr. G., had heard from
"Deutschland;" and these good people, thinking that they could be of use
to us in a new country, had been watching for its arrival. No one on board
dared ask a question as to who our friends were, so reserved had we been
in regard to our plans: only the young man who had accused me of having
Mr. G. came on board in a few minutes, bringing us from his wife an
invitation of welcome to her house. I cannot express in words the emotion
these people to greet us in this manner; and this was increased when we
sitting-room, a bedroom, and a small kitchen. My strength left me, and my
could to make us feel at home, and insisted that we should occupy the
sitting-room until we had decided what further to do. Of course, I
determined that this should be for as short a time as possible, and that
we would immediately look out for other lodgings.
One-half of this first day was spent in talking about home; the other, in
and sights of the New World, and we followed them rather reluctantly. I
have since been glad that I did so; for my mind was in a state that
to observe much that would have been lost to me in a less-excited
whole lifetime. My friends called on several of their acquaintances.
in the surroundings, and apparent extravagance in the manner of living:
for in every house we found an abundance of wine, beer, cake, meat, salad,
&c., although it was between the hours of meals; and every one was eating,
although no one seemed hungry. At nine o'clock in the evening, the visit
was concluded by going to a hotel, where a rich supper was served up to
already commenced. Was it not necessary for a stranger in a new country to
observe life in all its phases, before entering upon it? It seemed so to
me; and I had already planned, while on ship-board, to spend the first
month in observations of this kind. I had made a fair beginning; and, when
I saw many repetitions of this kind of life among my countrymen, I feared
that this was their main purpose in this country, and their consolation
offered to them. But, as soon as I got opportunity to make my observations

[pic]                                                  (6).

ALL BOOKS INCLUDE ROMANIAN AND ENGLISH TEXT ON THE PAGE. 50+ other languages also available at this website.
Welcome to the World Baby (bilingual book)
I Took the Moon for a Walk (bilingual)
Hello, Thank You, Welcome in Different Languages - Multilingual Posters 3-pack
Hello, Welcome, Thank You Multilingual Posters (3 pack)

We offer spa nail treatments and beauty products. These services and products include manicures and pedicures, original handcrafted designs, scarves, lotions, hats, costume jewelry, purses, and more.

If you are looking for a group to run WW2 when it comes out then look no further. I am with Rapture Gaming and we are looking for CoD players of any skill level, whether you play core or hardcore, it doesnt matter what your KD is as long as you are having fun. If you want to run IW or Blops 3 we will be playing those as well so come on out and join one of our xbl parties.
come check us out at our webiste
rapture gaming is recruiting CoD players of all skill levels for IW, MWR, Blops3, and WW2 (upon Release) if you are looking for a new group to run Public matches zombies or anything then come check out our website. Your KD doesn't matter, it only matters that you are having fun. Also, if you'd like to get the rG experience just send me a XBL message and ill get you in on one of our parties so you can see for yourself.
come check us out at our website:
Rapture Gaming is a great community. We are looking for motivated and active players who like to have fun. We currently have battalions for Call of Duty, Overwatch, Destiny 2, The Division, Diablo 3, Path of Exile, and BattleField. If you don't see a game listed and would like to help create a battalion please feel free to message me and we can discuss creating one.
Requirements: We ask that you be at least 17 years old to join. We encourage you to attend one meeting/ game night a week. We ask that you follow all the forums rules. Must have a working mic. We are an Xbox One only group.
If you're looking to get into full teams, come and join us. We're a large and expanding community, currently seeking more members for our Phoenix Battalion. Our Phoenix Company is now recruiting for CoD:WWII and hoping to get some new members interested in playing!
If you would like to apply use the following link! http://rapturegamingcommunity.net/forum.php?referrerid=953
If you are looking for more friends to dominate to servers with and have a great time check us out!
Rapture Gaming (rG). We consist of players from all around the world, we play to make friends and enjoy our time gaming. There are just a few requirements to join us!
Check us out at www.rapturegamingcommuntiy.net. Once you login in you will choose a Battalion, submit your application, wait for our leaders to approve your app (these are checked daily), then its time to game! If you have any questions please ask me!
Rapture Gaming is still looking for more members to play some CoD. We support multiple games and have members from all over the world. We currently have about 80 active members playing CoD. Our main focus is people coming together to have a good time without the drama. We have casual players like myself and others that are more focused on competitive playing.
If have any question feel free to ask and if you would like to apply use the following link! http://rapturegamingcommunity.net/forum.php?referrerid=953
Our clan is looking for people who enjoy playing COD WW2 or many other games. We don't require you to be good, we have a variety of different skill levels. Please feel free to check us out. My gamertag is lilsheeley.
We currently have about 75 active members playing CoD. Our main focus is people coming together to have a good time without the drama. We have casual players like myself and others that are more focused on competitive playing.
What’s up y’all! If you’re a gamer who plays for fun or plays competitively, we would love for you all to join the Rapture Gaming Community! We are a mature Clan who enjoys having fun. We welcome all skill level good or bad, that doesn’t matter.
I know you want to find more people play with and you’re probably tired of playing with randoms (I know I was for sure). So why not join a community like ours. rG (rapture gaming) is currently looking for members that are mature and love having a great time with COD games like IW, MWR, BO3 and Yes World War 2! We are a gaming community made by gamers for gamers.
We will welcome you with open arms. Come check us out at:
If you have any questions regarding the community, do not hesitate to send me a message on XBL GT: rG NASTYtool. Hope to see you in the battlefield soon!
Rapture Gaming is a great community. We are looking for motivated and active players who like to have fun. We currently have battalions for Call of Duty =, Destiny, The Division, Overwatch.
We ask that you be at least 17 years old to join.
We encourage you attend one game night a week.
We are a great community and we want our members to feel welcomed and have as much fun as possible.
We are a family orientated community and always put our members first. We realize that people have lives outside of Xbox and don’t require a strict commitment.
There are no K/D requirements to join.
If you are interested in a community with experienced gamer’s come check us out:
Rapture gaming is recruiting all skill level players for cod. So if you are tired of running solo, or would like to find a new group of friends to play with. We have got you covered.
With so many people running solo don't you feel it's time to find your new home. We are a community not a clan. We support many other COD titles, and if you get bored like a normal gamer no fear of looking for others to play bf1, destiny, Division, overwatch, GOW and lots more!
K/D is not important, if you want to get better we will help you. This is not a place in which you sign up and get lost in the background noise.
So visit our website http://rapturegamingcommunity.net/forum.php?referrerid=2209
If you have any questions regarding the community, do not hesitate and send me a message on XBL GT: rG KhaoticReaper. Hope to see you in the battlefield soon!
rapture gaming is recruiting CoD players of all skill levels for Blops 4 and WW2 if you are looking for a new group to run Public matches zombies or Blackout come check out our website. Your KD doesn't matter, it only matters that you are having fun.

I am sorry to hear about your laptop having issues.. ( methinks it was that troll's fault! hehe..) and now everything is resolved... ( I read your twitter page, but I haven't joined twitter..)
Now I must away as the clan have gathered from the frozen north.

These Ladies on Their Way to the Women’s March in Washington Will Inspire You to No End _ Brit + Co
These Ladies on Their Way to the Women’s March in Washington Will Inspire You to No End
As Donald Trump’s first day in office comes to a close, many are looking ahead to a new day: Namely, tomorrow, when an approximate one million women (including some of Brit + Co’s very own!) will be taking Washington — and other cities around the world, for that matter: Australia already had their march being a day ahead — by storm.
Yet, this is set to be a very different protest than the ones currently making headlines at the moment, with women (and men!) alike already feeling plenty inspired as they make their way to what will be protest ground zero.
Unbelievably proud, MY cousin is going to march on Washington DC with a plane full of other proud, dedicated women https://t.co/AnFesc7I0o
Flight attendant asked if anyone was going to the Women's March. Here is our answer! @JetBlue #jetblue724womensmarch #womensmarch pic.twitter.com/WEsxc2MOaF
3. @mmargenot: @mmargenot and her fellow Jet Blue passengers made their intentions heard, loud and clear.
4. @ZoieDiana: @ZoieDiana marveled at what felt like a personal flight to the event.
My flight from ABQ was mostly women, heading to the WOMEN'S MARCH ON WASHINGTON 2017. maybe 80%. Amazing.
6. @kpmagnolia: Making the trip even more special were both the flights and the crews — Southwest airlines went so far as to change its lights to pink for a flight from Chicago to Baltimore on Thursday, as @kpmagnolia gave us a glimpse of. “When your Southwest flight crew celebrate a plane full of kickass women and men going to the Women’s March by lighting it up!” she wrote.
7. @artistforever: One attendant showed her appreciation in a more personal way, giving this handwritten note to a passenger.
8. @Martha5320: @Martha5320 reveled in the beautiful madness, whooping it up with the group of 95% women on their way to raise some hell.
9. @Court_mac_d: @Court_mac_d topped that with an extra 5% — her entire flight was en route to DC!
10. @Flor Blake: Yet another attendant on Spirit Airlines asked for a round of applause for all the “Nasty Women on board,” saying, “Just remember, we don’t take no *ish from no man.”
Will you be tomorrow’s march? Let us know over @BritandCo.

The Last Jedi is not our comfort food.
Clark Kent? He built Clark Kent, through the love of his adoptive parents, and that’s who he ultimately is at his core. A farm boy with a talent for words that just wants to make the world a better place, one way or another.
I am literally holding back tears because of the movie and because of the actual losses around it. Also, for the men that can’t see the need to learn from what has come in order to make things better. But, there are others that will seize that spark, whether the old guard sees it or not.
And, sometimes you just need to shut up and do what the women tell you what to do. Especially when they have General and Admiral as their titles.
Loved the movie and this review.

At EcoTech Europe Limited, we pride ourselves on our customer service and reliability. Almost all of our U.K customers receive their goods within 48 hours of placing their order (excluding pallets), if there are any delays, we will contact you to let you know.
We aim to deliver orders as quickly as possible, but please allow up to 5 working days (This is a guide only and is not subject to any warranty or condition).
Please notify us in writing within 10 days of non-delivery in order that a claim may be put in with the carrier.
Any shortages or damages need reporting immediately by telephone, and followed up by email within 3 days.
For large orders that consist of full pallets of product, we will aim to get this dispatched within 48 hours. But in some instances this can take 7-10 working days as the product may need to be produced first. (This is a guide only and is not subject to any warranty or condition).

something I can make at home after dinner tomorrow, cool, slice, and pack
This is kind of long - so those who are not interested, Move along ;).
allow to cook for a couple of minutes to release oils.
on a lightly floured surface into a rectangle roughly 16 in by 4 in.
around. Take the leading edge of the long side of the dough and roll
25 ? 30 minutes, or until done. Allow to cool and slice into 1/4 inch

As Ryan passes him the joint he thinks this might be the stupidest thing he has ever done. Why is he doing it? To have a way to talk with his son. Well, here they are. It might not always be agreeable, but they are capable of a conversation.
Ryan says, “Maybe we should open the window, air it out some.”
“Feels good,” says Taylor, moaning low, closing his eyes when the air washes over him, trying to pretend his stomach is numb. Wishing for it to be gone. That erased feeling was nice. Emptiness would be fine.
“So how’s it going?” Ryan asks, coming back to his chair. ‘You okay?”
He keeps his eyes closed. Why do you think they call it dope? “Fine,” he says. He feels Ryan’s eyes on him. He nods his head in time with the dull throbbing. ‘Stoned,” he says. When he looks up again he sees the boy’s face has clouded over. A familiar look of distress. He wonders if Ryan has read the pain. ‘What’s wrong, Son?”
“It’s different all right. Sure is a first for you ‘n me.”
Ryan reaches out and touches Taylor’s arm. ‘I don’t think we should’ve done it, man. It’s wrong. I mean you and me, doing this.”
Taylor can’t remember the last time they touched each other. He shifts his arm so he’s holding Ryan’s hand. ‘I take full responsibility.”
“You’re a cop, Dad.’ Ryan pulls his hand away slowly and scratches the lack of an itch on his knee. ‘We can’t be smokin’ together. It’s bizarre.”
“That’s it ‘ I’m a cop-dad. If I was a stock broker or a garbage man, it’d be better?”
“This is a switch. Now who’s paranoid?”
“I’m afraid you’ll end up being sorry.”
Afraid. This is one surprise too many. The fragmented pulsing now moves into Taylor’s ears, heavier, but the pain may have receded a little. Maybe not. It’s hard to tell. Like weather that can’t make up its mind. All of a sudden he remembers the poem. Father, believe me/I say I’m afraid. He’s not sure if that’s how it went. He wonders if it is in some way about him. ‘Any poetry in the works?”
“Nothing much. Started one a few weeks ago.”
Taylor puts his hands in his lap and squeezes them as tight as he can, slowly, so they won’t shake. ‘You about finished?”
“The mess we’re in. Just gets worse.”
Taylor’s hands relax a little. ‘What mess? You and me?”
“No, man. The world. Terrorists…wars everywhere. Is there someplace where war’s not happening?”
Taylor understands immediately ‘ there’s no up-side to this one.
Ryan shakes his head again. ‘Some guy came up to me at school last week, said he had guns if I needed one. Needed one. What’s making poetry out of it going to do?”
The helplessness caught in Ryan’s voice is something floating over them. ‘It’s scary,” says Taylor. He knows it’s not any kind of answer, no answer at all. He’s been squeezing his hands again, they’re beginning to ache. ‘That’s sort of what I thought when the punk shot Ryan. Couldn’t understand anything about it. Made me angry more than scared.”
“See, ‘at’s what I mean. You wanted to go out and kill the punk, right?”
“Not exactly. Hell, Son, my partner wasn’t coming back ‘ that’s all I knew.’ He closes his eyes and the old words float up, sparks from a bonfire: Real lifelike. ‘That kid was locked up for about two months, total.”
Ryan looks out through the flat black reflection. ‘We started talking about the world and how screwed up it is, and you went right back to Ryan in ‘ what was it, seventy-five?”
“There’s enough trouble right here.’ Ryan turns toward him. ‘Why always go backwards, man?”
Ryan shakes his head, now there’s a smile. ‘That’s deep.’ He turns back to the disregarding pane of glass that holds the sky. ‘You’re brilliant, you know that?”
Before Taylor can come back, Ryan says, “Hey…there’s somebody out there. Walking around the house.”
“Don’t start hallucinating.’ Taylor realizes he feels better, not so edgy or gut-tender.
“Now he’s heading around the other side.”
“One of our friendly street dwellers lookin’ for some decent garbage. When he can’t find the cans he’ll move on.”
“Someone’s in the basement.’ Taylor closes his eyes, listening. Now it’s quiet.
“All right.’ Taylor considers the multiple possibilities. He’s quite stoned. ‘Go get my gun ‘ in the closet, up on the shelf.”
“Well, wait. It’s probably nothing. Could be Mom.”
‘Maybe it’s somebody breaking in,” says Taylor. ‘If it is, I’d rather surprise ’em than wait on ’em. I promise not to shoot your mother ‘ she’s still got a few good years left.”
“I was supposed to start a little exercising tomorrow anyway. Get the gun.”
Ryan goes to the closet and Taylor inches himself over to the edge of the bed, puts some weight on his feet. The white pain opens up like a time-lapsed magnolia, reaching down into his calves, then up into his shoulders and neck. But after the first rocket-shock, it’s not all that bad. More like warmth. Our Friends, The Adrenal Glands. Pauline had delivered that memorable lecture shortly after they met.
“No way, man. I’m the one who left the door unlocked.”
“Alex, remember?” Ryan’s voice has some water in it, he’s a little pale. ‘Let’s go.”
They get down to the living room and look around. They’re heading for the stairs to the basement when they hear something else, a smaller sound: someone bumping against a piece of furniture down there.
Ryan whispers, “Sounds too heavy for a cat or something, huh?”
“I’m afraid all the hundred-and-sixty-pound cats have moved uptown.”
The light bulb glaring behind the head makes it impossible to see his features. The head snaps back, out of sight.
“Get out where I can see you.’ He takes another step down and growls, “Do it, you son of a bitch.”
“Don’t shoot.’ A man’s soft voice, placid as Easter morning. ‘I don’t have a gun.”
“Step out with your hands up. Now.”
Taylor’s sweating ‘ it’s pouring off his forehead, down his chest and stomach. His pajamas are soaked.
The intruder steps out into the light below them with his hands up and his head down, backing away from the stairs into the middle of the basement. Taylor uncocks the revolver.
“Don’t shoot,” the man says again. His voice is low. He’s a bum all right: sweat-stained Braves cap, grease-stained khakis, dark windbreaker too small for him, a pair of scavenged running shoes. ‘I’m not saying I don’t deserve it, but it wouldn’t be worth it in the long run.”
Taylor straightens up a little and continues down the stairs with Ryan following. He wipes the sweat out of his eyes with the back of his free hand, holding the gun on the man. This is an old guy, must be in his seventies. He might have been a bear once, seems to have dropped a lot of weight. His hands are so big at the end of his arms, they look like wrinkled catcher’s mitts.
Ryan comes out from behind him. ‘Look how old he is.”
“Happens to all the lucky ones,” says the old man, still with his hands up, still obscuring his face with the cap. ‘No crime there.”
“Sorry ’bout that,” says the old man. ‘I didn’t see it.”
The adrenaline is leveling off, the voltage in his stomach seems to be increasing: the barbed wire is uncoiling again. Taylor backs up a few feet and sits on the bottom step.
The old man starts to put his hands down.
“Keep ’em up.’ Taylor is trying to hold the gun like it’s doing the talking.
“I just wanted to see where you live,” says the bum, lifting his head now, moving his eyes over to Ryan. ‘The door was open. Didn’t mean no harm.’ He takes off his cap and looks at Taylor.
The old man is watching him. ‘I’ve been readin’ about you. Following your career. You’re not going to die are you?”
“Not a chance,” says Taylor, cocking the gun and aiming at his father’s gut: a shot that would not necessarily kill the bastard but would definitely slow him down. This is an area in which Taylor has some direct experience. He waits to see what the bum will do.
The old man turns to Ryan and asks his name.
“Much more than that,” says the old man.
“No, that’s it. Send the money, you know the address.”
“Got money right here.’ The old man lowers his hands slowly, looking into Taylor’s eyes like it’s snowing outside, reaching for his back pocket. ‘Was going to leave some, I swear.”
Taylor watches him closely. Sure, I believe that. The voice in his head is as flat as a hand on a tabletop. ‘Leave it on the floor,” he says.
Ryan says, “You know this guy?” ‘ and just as he says it he sees who the old man is, he recognizes his blood.
Taylor doesn’t answer right away. He stares at his father, tells him to keep quiet.
The boy’s grandfather nods and pulls a few bucks out of his wallet, holding the crumpled bills to show Taylor, then dropping them on the floor.
It’s not enough money to cover half a lamp. Taylor shifts the gun to his left hand and wipes the sweat off his right. He feels a little dizzy, things are beginning to blur. The stitches are on fire, the dressing has pulled loose at the edges. He shifts his focus to Ryan. ‘Meet your grandfather.”
Ryan looks back at the old man.
Taylor Means, Sr. eyes the boy shyly. ‘Hello, Alex.’ He looks down at his feet. ‘Or Alexander. It’s a miracle,’ he says. ‘We’re all here.”
Ryan sits down on the step beside Taylor without taking his eyes off the old man. He’s silent. The fact that he looks exactly like his grandfather doesn’t seem to make an impression on him one way or the other. Already he’s working on the crow’s feet.
“You’re still full of it,” Taylor informs his father, setting the gun down on the step in front of him. ‘Some miracle,” slurring the words. ‘I want you out of here. I want you gone.”
Ryan runs his hand through his hair, looking back and forth between the two men, then his eyes veer down to Taylor’s stomach. ‘Jesus, Dad, you’re bleeding!”
His father lifts his hands out of his pockets and takes a step toward him, turning to Ryan. ‘Let’s put some pressure on that.”
Taylor picks up the gun again, to point it, but he’s not able to hold it steady. He blinks. He can’t keep the sweat out, his head is tilting back. ‘Don’t…touch me.’ He tries to keep his eyes open. He feels a wind in his face.
Ryan says, “You heard him, get out of here.”
The old man says, “He needs help. He’s bleedin’, Son.”
“He’s my son!” says Taylor. The wind whistles in his ears.
Ryan must have the gun because Taylor hears the old man’s voice rise: “Now don’t do anything crazy now.”
Ryan yells, “Then you get the hell out of here!”
The pain’s not so bad. This’s going to be all right.
Ryan’s voice pushes to free itself: “Damn it, he doesn’t want you here! I can handle it.’ And now there are two more hands on Taylor’s belly, a steady pressure. He hears his father’s regular deep breaths, a constant heart in the darkness, and he smells the familiar odor of pipe tobacco. ‘I’m afraid I can’t go just yet,” says the old man. ‘I can’t do that here today.”
Taylor forces his eyes open. The two silhouetted faces float together with the light blazing behind them: the only way he can tell who’s who is by the size of their shadowy heads. He watches the smaller figure, reaching blindly for Ryan’s hand, wanting to say something in the perfect voice to quell his father’s. But the only thing that comes to mind is It’ll be all right. Who the hell knows about that?
‘Why don’t you go call the doctor,’ the old man says to Ryan.
Lord, what’s she going to say about all this?
“That would be Pauline,” says his father. ‘We’ll be quite a sight.”
“Down here!” yells Ryan. He hears the panic in his voice, takes a breath before calling up to her again. ‘We need you, Mom.”
He turns his head to look back up the stairs, where the door will open and the light will come in.

Next, attach the adjustment bracket to the main bracket as seen in the picture. Then install the power steering pulley to the pump using a pulley puller / installer tool. This can be rented for a few bucks at your local auto parts store.
We then moved on to weld the reinforcement plate kit to the driver’s side frame and painted it after it cooled. We then lowered the new power steering gear box into place and bolted it with the supplied grade 8 nuts and bolts.
Next, bolt the power steering pump and brackets to the driver’s side head and engine block using the supplied hardware. Some adjustment may be necessary to get proper horizontal alignment of the belt (ours did). Leave the adjustment bracket loose for now.
Install the power steering pressure and return lines to the pump and gear box and leave them loose for now.
Next, add power steering fluid to the pump, purge the system of air and you’re ready to hit the trails.
Overall, this is a very comprehensive kit that provided all of the parts we needed, unlike some of the other Bronco specialists. The quality parts should last a lifetime, even in abusive environments. If you’re looking to convert to a stronger power steering system in your early Bronco, be sure to give BC Broncos a call.

We are panel counsel for a variety of insurers, and have handled virtually every type of lawsuit involving insurance. We provide an insured individual or company the same aggressive defense that we provide all of our clients, and routinely take cases to trial. We pride ourselves in effectively communicating with our insurance clients by consistent and thorough reporting.
We also assist claimants, insureds, and insurers with policy coverage matters. We evaluate a broad range of issues, including bad faith, professional liability, property damage, errors and omissions, and commercial general liability exposure. We are highly versed in the declaratory judgment process, and consistently obtain favorable results for our clients.
We have particular expertise in handling insurance defense matters in the following fields:
Fire losses involving property damage, loss of life or serious injury
Product liability defense on behalf of manufacturers, product designers, sellers, distributors, and users
Professional liability claims involving lawyers, agents, brokers, design professionals, and real estate agents

In return, she says the NDP will not vote against the budget on Tuesday, meaning the minority Liberal government will not be defeated.
We’ve heard that song before, haven’t we? Once the government gets used to receiving this new income, the tax will remain for a long, long time—you can count on it.
Ontario’s government already has enough money to take care of all important and necessary programs. Its budgetary deficit has been caused by over-spending due to poor fiscal management and the implementation of unnecessary social programs—all-day kindergarten, unnecessarily small class sizes and the recent post-secondary tuition rebate to name a few.
The civil service has become bloated and is over-paid with ridiculously high pensions and other costly benefits. Under the cozy relationship they enjoy with the governing Liberals, teachers unions have been gaming the system and receiving annual wage increases for its members at three or four times the rate of inflation. They get increases to their salary grids and to their base salaries.
As it currently stands, that arrangement [salary grids] causes teachers’ pay to go up 5 or 6 per cent annually for their first 10 years of employment, or nearly 60 per cent cumulatively. Throw in automatic pay increases in reward for additional job training, and the salaries can automatically be cumulatively raised by more than 100 per cent, above and beyond the negotiated cost-of-living increases.” [Emphasis mine.]
At the government’s request, economist Don Drummond provided a road map to overhaul Ontario’s public service and get the province back to balanced budgets. For the most part, though, McGuinty has chosen to ignore the recommendations. Instead he choses to add a surtax, providing the government even more money to fund its excesses.
If I lived there and had that kind of income, I'd be looking for new digs in the U.S. somewhere. But that's okay, people in Canada love taxes, corruption, and empty rhetoric. Right, Alberta?
BTW, some make more than $500,000 a year so we already pay way more tax than is fair. No Problem.

A magnetic door lock can provide easy access while doing a great job at securing a door. This is a great device to use in a space that needs to be accessed often.
We will be in your business and repair the lock with as little disruption as possible. We also provide services 24/7 if you encounter an emergency that cannot wait until regular business hours.
A magnetic lock uses state of the art technology, and only licensed professionals like us can guarantee the work done will be done right with your satisfaction in mind.

Overcast Wednesday, temperatures as high as 25°C / 77°F, low temperature around 20°C / 68°F, probability of precipitation 0%, wind out of the S 14 km/h / 9 mph. Barometric pressure 1019 mb / 30.09 in, visibility 18 km / 11 mi, humidity 75%.

Here’s a replica of the 1999 2door Chevy Tahoe, one of the best SUV’s that General Motors made, this model features working elements like working steering, opening doors, hood and trunk, beige interior and chrome rims, hope you like it, thanks for your visit.
Let's begin with some shots of the model all around; front, side, rear and top views:
As usual, everything open. Notice the tiny space I made behind the doors so you don't have to push hard to close the doors, it's one of the LEGO hinges as a lot of you already know.
I made the lower part open in the opposite direction of the rear window, just like in the real car.
A shot with the roof off so you can see the interior.
Notice the seat belts and the arm rest.
Even the smallest details, windshield wipers, antenna, side view mirrors...etc.
I'm sure it doesn't need a treads to drive on the snow; but I liked to build some for it ;-)
Hello a great creation from you. Is it possible to buy instructions. Please let me know at mhelwes@hotmail.com
it is like the real thing but smaller and cooler good job :D
Very Cool!!! can you look at my Gallardo Polizia? http://www.mocpages.com/moc.php/341285 are you building another car? if you are is it a surprise or can you tell us? please reply
1. Love the treads 2. Great job on the interior. 3. How did you get the front grill?
Have you any tips for me to improve the side intakes on my Nissan GTR, because I don`t like them really, would be nice if you have an idea.
Do work on something new, because your last car was post over one year, I can`wait to see more from you( if you working on something):).
Pretty cool, I have two things to say: 1.-I just so happened to see a Tahoe in the parking lot at walmart today! 2.-Would you consider making some StarWars creations????? There are some cool new sets, or you can make custom clones!! Also, Halo is kinda Poular.....AWESOME MODEL!!!!!
Back again to see what's new... Dude! Time to get back into it!
Hey Firas, anything in the works? I miss to see something new from you.
I really miss seeing a new build from you. I hope you get back to building sometime.
Hi Firas :). Hope you are well? Long time no see - hope you are still building?
Wow, this WAS a while ago. Anything in the works?
Nice one! Where do you get all these rims you use on most of your cars?
Whoa, how do you make these things! :D
I'm positive you improve with every moc you dish out for us. The interior is fantastic and I love your seat belt design! I'm curious how you designed the front grill of the car? and the Chevrolet logo? Great job!
Nice ride, what is that you're using for the grill?
Your cars are getting better and better, especially with these chrome parts. Combined with the studless design.....amazing! The front of this monster is really impressive.
Wow the detail on this is amazing, great job !
Another masterpiece of the master!! You're the number one!!
Very good work, and so realistic! Many nice details too. I like this :)
Excellent job, The details are amazing! 5/5!
Hi. Following on from Ryan link's comment below. I hope it wasn't something I said!! ;)
Hey, I just posted on your updated version, but it is gone, you deleted it? I liked it better all except for the new windows on the sides. Either way it looks great though.
Very cool, nice work on this - you packed so much detail into it!
Thanks a lot for the comment and the 10/10; but I'm so sorry, I understood nothing from your comment. Help, anyone?
This is beyond amazing, Firas! Looks nearly identical, especially from the front view of the car. Great work!
Not really my type of vehicle but it looks great! Also, fantastic solution for getting the flat-sided doors to close easily, I always have trouble with that. Excellent work, as usual!
Fantastic achievement, and excellent build. I wonder what the going rate is, for a piece of art like this¿? hehe
Mat Trax?!?!?! I love those and you did an excellent job on them!
Hey friend, nice to see the chrome shine! Superb work as always, but i like this better than the 'usual' sportscar for a change. Too bad it has to leave to it's new owner now, but she has some special Lego Tahoe including rare parts!
EPIC! Looks exactly like the real deal! Awesome job!
This is truly a "paradise-car" !!
I love this! My aunt had a '99 Tahoe also, it was epic! I love it! Also, one question, what did you use for the chromed pieces?
I don't know how you do it! But excellent work on the front, and of course on the "custom" parts. The Tahoe must be one of the coolest SUVs ever built! Which makes for a very cool LEGO model, of course.
Excellent model. I really had to take a second look to make sure it was a LEGO creation and not a die-cast. I give it 10 lugs up!
Nearly perfect! The only part that needs improvement would be the exhaust, it seems...big?
Wow, this is extremely well-detailed. One of your best yet!
...(I don't know what to say)...(bulb brightens)...(uhhh)...did you use stickers for the grill?
Thank you. And again, as I said in the comment below; this is a customized model, and so are the taillights, they're 3 round lights above each other.
very nice, I love how you attached the treads on it in the end, really cool
Well done on the fender flares, and the engine is very well done. The front would've looked better in bricks, in my opinion.
Just awesome. These large scale vehicles allow for so many details and challenges and the end result looks great. I like looking at the thumbnail image of your stuff because it looks like a model of it.
Stunning. I love the way you have used the mini fig hands as clips in the engine bay.
This is just...I'm speechless! Your attention to detail and accuracy are second to none; I have never seen ANYONE build a vehicle better than you, and that's the honest truth! Great job!
This is an excellent vehicle! Great job on making it true to the real deal. Keep up the great work!
Excellent.. I'm glad to see you paying attention to how well something works, rather than just IF it does. Another very fine model.
Another wonderful model! Great amount of detail you have fit in, as it seems to be a slightly smaller scale than your usual car. I must say though, something about the shape just doesn't look quite right. I think the fenders might be attributing to that, as I don't recall stocker Tahoes having quite that large of an overfender.

3 The amplitude of a wave is the wave’s height from zero to the crest.
7 5.3 Light The product of the frequency and wavelength always equals a constant (c), the speed of light.
8 According to the wave model, light consists of electromagnetic waves.
5.1 The Development of Atomic Models The timeline shoes the development of atomic models from 1803 to 1911. These illustrations show how the atomic model has changed as scientists learned more about the atom’s structure.
5.1 The Development of Atomic Models The timeline shows the development of atomic models from 1913 to 1932. These illustrations show how the atomic model has changed as scientists learned more about the atom’s structure.
18 5.3 Atomic Spectra When atoms absorb energy, electrons move into higher energy levels. These electrons then lose energy by emitting light when they return to lower energy levels.
5.3 Physics and the Quantum Mechanical Model Neon advertising signs are formed from glass tubes bent in various shapes. An electric current passing through the gas in each glass tube makes the gas glow with its own characteristic color. You will learn why each gas glows with a specific color of light.
29 The quanta behave as if they were particles.
33 5.3 Quantum Mechanics The Heisenberg uncertainty principle states that it is impossible to know exactly both the velocity and the position of a particle at the same time. This limitation is critical in dealing with small particles such as electrons. This limitation does not matter for ordinary- sized object such as cars or airplanes.
5.3 Quantum Mechanics The Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle The Heisenberg uncertainty principle states that it is impossible to know exactly both the velocity and the position of a particle at the same time.
5.1 The Quantum Mechanical Model The quantum mechanical model determines the allowed energies an electron can have and how likely it is to find the electron in various locations around the nucleus.

2 cents in order to start a rousing discussion. Disagree'ers please start with something like "I think you're wrong because...." as opposed to ad hominems, character assassination, and so forth. ;)
1-cent.Lynn, you're talking about application/techniques. I'm talking about basic movement within and prior to the consideration of application/techniques.
.... in order to start a rousing discussion. Disagree'ers please start with something like "I think you're wrong because...." as opposed to ad hominems, character assassination, and so forth. ;)
Lynn, you're talking about application/techniques. I'm talking about basic movement within and prior to the consideration of application/techniques.
Sorry to answer a question with a question but why would anyone think Aikido doesn't have spiraling power other there are just not that many folks around these days who understand it, express it in their practice, and are articulate enough to teach it? :)
Desperate attempts to tear down my character and reputation only show the sort of person you are.
You responded by talking about me again instead of the text
Now here you are talking about me again?
What's up with this obsession with me?
1. If you can't or won't refute the subject you started
2. And If you won't provide any information on the subject you started, as you just stated...
Then it leaves me to doubt any serious intentions you had with using my name of this thread other than to go after me.
Precisely why I am not much interested in debating it much anymore.
Go meet people. If they get it (to one degree or another) it stands out and all is made known. Talking about it and debating and having to tell someone they don't get something they have invested so much of their lives in... just gets people upset.
In person it is obvious. If people can't present a physical understanding that matches what they thought they knew and you can, then what the hell was the point of all the arguing and debating in the first place?
In person...for some strange reason, no one gets angry...ya'll make friends instead of enemies...like so many of us have already done.:cool:
Way ahead of you there and I thank you for helping me get to that realization. :)
Yes. It is a physical phenomenon and is able to be measured and evaluated.
Its a nice piece of video and neat to see the comparison of 'developing' vs. 'expert' practitioner. I think though the researcher may have missed a more interesting/illuminating aspect than which can be found by looking at the centre of mass of Nage, though maybe he did but it wasn't as palatable for a TV audience and ended up on the cutting room floor - quite common in science.
I did provide information and observations and pertinent questions. Look again:
It seems that every time substance is raised in a conversation, you tend to try to trivialize it and avoid getting into any depth. For years, after a probing questions that seem to have upset you, you've done this same thing. You want "debate".... here's debate.
The only problem with the spiralling discussion is that it brings back up your probem of jin being linear, of course.... but so far you haven't been able to explain it. Here's your chance.
One of the difficulties in analysing what Ueshiba actually did for his training and application lies with the fact that he was aware/versed in the old Chinese classics,
It's been said that Ueshiba read a lot of books, however, I have yet to see the list of books that he read. Could you please cite where you found that Ueshiba was "aware/versed in the old Chinese classics"?
So you disagree. That's fine. Now cite, show, or tell us why. Simply saying I disagree doesn't cut it. You have to support your ideas, otherwise, why should we listen to someone just saying that they disagree? Even Graham actually adds why he disagrees to his posts.
What Okinawan karate? I can say some Chinese systems refer to spiraling, but that's kind of silly. Actually naming said systems so that people can actually reference what you're talking about is much better. As an example, see my next reply
Which Chen-style are you referring to? There are two main lines that I know of and they are very different. One does use the same kind of spiraling that Ueshiba used and one doesn't seem to. So, you see, just tossing out that some general martial system has spiraling, doesn't mean anything. Why even bring it up?
Again, which Chen-style. Beyond that, how long have you studied that particular Chen-style and who was your teacher that you know this detailed level of knowledge about their reeling silk?
winding what? Could you please define just how you are using the term jin as it compares/relates/contrasts to Japanese terminology. This is, after all, a Japanese martial art. Others have said that they don't know what you mean by jin. And we have seen cross talk because people define words differently. Otherwise, you could be talking about something completely and utterly different than what we, as readers, are thinking. For example, internal spirals work within any shape that the body holds. So, your "winding jin" must not be the same thing. Sounds like something very different from your Chinese background than what Ueshiba was doing.
Huh, you mean you don't want to see things like:
Well, i just disagree. All martial arts have spiral definitions in them so Ueshiba can't be doing that. I've trained with some modern students of aikido who didn't use spirals so therefore the founder must not have been using them. There's really no detailed information out there on the founder's personal training but I know that he didn't have drills for internal winding.
"Spiraling" is something that happens in the qi of the body when it is done correctly. For example, while there are some usages of deliberate windings in antagonism in some Chinese martial-arts, it's mostly a training device (the antagonism). While moving, etc., no one espoused holding antagonism.
This is getting closer to clarifying a point I am still having difficulty with. Could you go into more depth about the difference between winding and spiraling?
You can go back and climb into his lap, now.
Marc AbramsMarc, you're one of the known lap-dogs of Dan. Would you mind not starting another one of your discussions that essentially attacks me personally again, please.
Marc, you're one of the known lap-dogs of Dan. Would you mind not starting another one of your discussions that essentially attacks me personally again, please.
1) Why don't you start a thread without any reference to Dan? Wait a second. I just started a thread, if you'll look, but it's based upon Dan's public assertion about how something works. Focusing strictly on that physical set of related questions. Let's see how it progresses.
Or maybe Phi (will you?) and myself could spam the thread to death with silly animal jokes????Why don't all of you guys contribute what you know about the subject, if you're going to jump into the thread? Even with Phi's jokes, he at least has a history of contributing useful nuggets and observations among his entries.
Why don't all of you guys contribute what you know about the subject, if you're going to jump into the thread? Even with Phi's jokes, he at least has a history of contributing useful nuggets and observations among his entries.
OK I want to get to the bottom of this 'spiralling' issue but I have yet to even be convinced that there is a true disagreement in the first place:
Case in point, "linear." Dan and Mike both disagree with the idea of a foot, belly, and hand needing to be colinear. But still there's arguing.
So Mike, you have described (in this very simple example) 2 line segments, (possibly 3 if we count a segment between hip and dantain) which are not necessarily colinear with each other. In fact those segments are anchored to certain points of the body in this description, meaning one could really put severe angles between them by moving into a certain shape. So for all this "linear" talk, you have in fact described:
-a series of connected line segments
the heavy emphasis Ueshiba placed on being very relaxed. "Spiraling" is something that happens in the qi of the body when it is done correctly.
I think the basis for the disagreement is not coming through in the words here.
Why not describe what spiraling is, as opposed to challenging the other. No one has ever done that on aikiweb. How can you say one is wrong and the other is right without taking that first step?
All else is meta-conversation, meaning only "talk about talking about the subject."
Wait a second. I just started a thread, if you'll look, but it's based upon Dan's public assertion about how something works. Focusing strictly on that physical set of related questions. Let's see how it progresses.
1) You and Dan do not like or respect each other.
3) My ability to teach has absolutely NOTHING to do with your assessment of what I can or cannot do. Do not try and hide behind passive-aggressive comments directed toward a person and then complain when you are called on this behavior and you label being called on this behavior as "character slam." You and I have gone that route before in PM's to each other and we should not have to slide down that hill again.
Even if your take on this topic was right, does not make the pissing contest that YOU started right.
I started another thread that directly deals with the issue. Jonathan, would you do me a favor and copy your post/thoughts over to the other thread, please? You make some good points.
Marc, I'm tired of your personal commentary. However, to be fair and as has been pointed out to me, you do these types of attacks on others, occasionally, so it's not just me.
1) It does not matter where you start a thread. Maybe one day you will be capable of starting a thread as simply an idea posited or a position stated. Obviously, you are not there yet.
2) Me attacking? I think these are YOUR words in regards to somebody else on this forum: " I'll bet you lay this sort of silly guilt trip on your students. The problem with a public forum, your videos, etc., is that people can judge for themselves without having to bear the burdens you impose. Wear that Rasta Cap, Bruddah.... you just went on my ignore list. PLONK.
Seems to me like a pretty clear example of projective identification on your part Mike. As to you seeming to be fair, I think you should take a good hard luck at how you treat people on your own forum who did not agree with your position. ;)
Still not a single factual contribution on the topic in any of your posts, Marc.
Nor in yours...Make no mistake If there is one consistency in every negative attack posted here in the last three years in any thread you've posted in or started it's that you're an active participant.
On my ignore list from this point forward.
A quick thankyou to everyone that participated, I got some nice viewpoints (even chimed in a little) and it got me thinking a bit. Sure the Signal to Noise ratio is variable at times, not that I always know what is signal and what is noise, but thats part of discovery
you do not know any of Wang Hai Jun students.I think this is good time to clarify your understanding of internal Martial Arts, and how it applies to application and fighting,but you will have hands on experience for that to happen. Dan Harden and Wang Hai Jun are two
great Martial artists and teachers if you were not so unlucky you could study with them.
Marc... do you honestly think that no one notices that your comments are poorly disguised personal attacks? Most comments are in the range of "bizarre" that I've heard. Perhaps Jun doesn't notice, as you seem to assume?
you do not know any of Wang Hai Jun studentsActually, you are quite wrong, Stan. In fact, I know a number of them and you are considered a joke as you go around and correct peoples' postures. Now..... could you go back to the topic?
If I were concerned about people not noticing my posts, I would not post them. You are entitled, like the other unknown people you refer to, to what ever opinions you and they would like to make.
I can only hope that Jun notices and takes notice of my original proposition. That is that both you and Dan refrain from referencing the other person or responding to the other person. The posts on this thread support that notion. As a matter of fact, it is the response of well-thought people like William Hazen, that speak volumes.
When you and I engaged in personal attacks, it was through PM's. We both know where that one ended up. The name calling (eg. - lap dog) came from you. I have no need to engage in that game with you again. The continuing issue, as I see it, is your unwillingness or inability to posit an idea in absence of attacking people who do not share that same opinion. That pattern continues unabated......
The name calling (eg. - lap dog) came from you. Actually, it didn't, Marc. It came from another well-known poster on AikiWeb. You should understand that.
If you get a chance, please stop by and show me how much you've improved. If you can't do that, I'll understand.
Actually, it didn't, Marc. It came from another well-known poster on AikiWeb. You should understand that.
You don't seem to know when to stop do you? It was your post, wasn't it that referenced me as a "lap dog." If some other "well-known poster on Aikiweb" wants to stand behind that comment in a public post, then I will wait and respond accordingly.
As to your veiled threat about stopping by, what don't you understand about my not really caring one way or another what you think about me, or my budo skills. Again, It was you who brought up my presence in Durango and I clearly outlined things for you might want to reference that post again. If you can't abide by those guidelines, I'll understand and respond accordingly.
No veiled threat at all, Marc. Just like last time I'll be the usual friendly and diplomatic me. If you have improved, please stop by. If you haven't, please continue teaching.
Thanks for your kind offer while sending a pm trying to instigate me. Once again, I will kindly decline your offer that does not interest me and yes, I will continue teaching.
I will kindly decline your offer that does not interest me and yes, I will continue teaching.
No problem. Do as you can do. Despite all your claims to have learned so much from Ushiro, you have yet to contribute to the substance of the O.T., Marc. What do you think?
this thread is spiraling out of control. come on people! everyone knows that there is spiraling in aikido; otherwise, we would be wearing the skirt so we could have a Marilyn Monroe moment, right? especially when we have so much hot air blowing here. ooohhh that reminds me, i need to shave my legs. harry legs would definitely affecting the whole spiral stuffs, because of too much wind drag and all. :D
I dunno, my mental image just made me think there might be a whole new kind of no-touch throw discovered here. :p Combined with your many past comments regarding the joys of cabbage, my mind is whirring with other possibilities too! :yuck: :crazy: :D
students. When Wang comes to my place this fall come on over we will see what he thinks.
I know I don't exactly command respect from you guys, but please quit it with the needling bullshit. What f-ing point are you trying to serve? You're not only wasting your time, but other people's. Is this some sort of ploy to keep people from having an interest in these discussions, because despite my usual gluttony for punishment, I'm losing interest and respect.
By the way, thank you for the levity, Janet and Phi. I might be a bit more susceptible to these games than usual. I don't get much sleep these days and my wife tells me I'm a little less perfect (not her exact words:uch: ) when I'm sleep deprived.
Matthew. Just look at it as a whirlwind romance.
Is this some sort of ploy to keep people from having an interest in these discussions

Q. I'm going to ask your opinion, if you care to give it, on the Eagles situation and how you feel about being the team and kind of the guy that started that, for want of a better word, protest kind of deal with the White House?
Kind of a similar situation here. But not surprising. It's unfortunate, but we all have our right to kind of do what we want to do. The Eagles fall in line with that.
Q. Following up on that, LeBron said he would expect that either team that won a championship would not want to go. Do you agree with that? And also all the black players from the Eagles decided before being uninvited that they did not want to go. I wanted to see what you thought about that as well.
STEPH CURRY: I hope to be in that situation and win two more games where we win a championship and obviously know what comes with that. But I think I agree with LeBron. Pretty sure the way we handled things last year, kind of stay consistent with that.
But at the end of the day, like I said, every team has an opportunity to make a decision for themselves and speak for themselves. I think that's powerful, being in this situation.
STEPH CURRY: No, I know what you mean. We talk about his versatility all the time. We talk about the ways that he can fill holes defensively and offensively for us, especially against teams that we have such familiarity with. He's such a high-IQ type of guy that he'll most likely find himself in the right place at the right time and help our rotation get back to what we're consistently used to.
Just for him, just as a person, to be healthy and be able to play in The Finals now that we're here, I think that would mean a lot to him and give us an emotional boost as well.
Q. This season, how have you seen the dynamic with you and Kevin Durant play out in terms of knowing when it's best for you to get going and him to get going, and vice versa?
I think it's best when we're communicating with each other about what we see on the floor consistently. We've been doing a lot of that as of late, encouraging each other, but also kind of pinpointing things that we see. It's refreshing to hear that from his perspective, and I'm sure vice versa. So that helps.
I remember in the fourth quarter of Game 2 right when Cleveland called the first timeout, he was the first one in my face pepping me up for kind of holding it down while he's on the bench. And vice versa.
We want to see each other succeed. Got a good chemistry going.
Q. Specifically this season because there are so many different overlapping injuries with yourself and sometimes he was out of the lineup, to what degree did that play any complications at times?
Q. When you walk into this building in June, what kind of memories hit you? Also, how do you feel like you've played here during the playoffs?
We understand how hard it is to win in this building. No matter what's gone on in the series, when you change venues, you've got to reassert your dominance and try to find that right momentum to start. We have a great opportunity tomorrow to do that. I want to be a part of leading that charge and playing an amazing game tomorrow and really taking control of the series.
Q. Given all the injuries you guys have had this season, how important has someone like Chelsea Lane been in terms of helping you guys get to this point?
STEPH CURRY: She's been huge. And her whole team has been huge. Just being there for us, we all have kind of unique injuries or things that we're dealing with. Every guy kind of copes with injuries differently, so from a mental aspect as well, helping us through the recovery process and kind of giving us the game plan of how we can get back on the floor and be better than we were before we got injured.
Even just maintenance work throughout the season for the healthy guys. We play a lot of minutes, a lot of games, so they're vital to our success.
Q. What is she kind of like as a person, and how would you describe her overall approach to the job?
STEPH CURRY: Very positive. She's got a great sense of humor about stuff. I'd say topics of conversation in the training room go all over the place. She doesn't have that huge basketball background. She's not really talking about much of that. It's just, what have we got to do today to get right. She's always one step ahead trying to anticipate what your mood might be like coming into the training room, no matter what you're going through.
She's fun. She's got a great staff that they all step up to the task and sacrifice for us. We've got a good thing going in there.
I think from just overall, just thinking about how the league has supported players and we've had that open dialogue, I'm happy to be playing in this league and know that we can speak on what we believe without people breathing down your neck. That's a good environment to come to work in.

This couldn’t have come at a worse time for Rousey and Lynch, as both women had really connected with the crowd in the last few weeks making this arguably the must-see match on the Survivor Series card.

After you weave it in, try experimenting however you like. Here is an example of bleached red weave that you can get with the same methods as your natural hair. Skipping the damage to your hair, there is really not much difference. The perfect example of short weave hairstyle!
Another hairstyle that looks pretty impressive with your dark black weave is this short length wavy bob. This is the perfect weave hairstyle for medium hair. Simply blow-dry all of your hair in place or use heat to style it. Easy to maintain and even easier to achieve, this hairdo will stay in place all day wherever you go.
The uneven bob is one of the trendiest looks you can get for shorter length hair. Added the extra highlights with lighter shades, you can see how well the weave hairstyle looks when combined. Not the fanciest but definitely worth the try you guys.
If vibrant colors and boldness is not your cup of tea, why not go for this subtle hint of burgundy for your weave hairstyle? Fun but not over the top, the highlights add the missing element to your hairdo. Another weave hairstyle for short hair, this looks absolutely gorgeous.
Here is another example of the hair dye that is to die for. The vibrant golden blonde seems to fit the perfect definition on edgy with a twist. The glamorous short length weave hairstyle gives you the killer look to die for.
If you are up for something that gives you more or a natural look, this weave hairstyle is for you. Jet black wavy long hair with perfect waves to accentuate the facial feature will be your best friend while your natural hairs are taking a break!
The same loose curls also have the option to go for this soft-hued Auburn hair. Suits perfectly with every formal and casual event you attend this is the most suitable weave hairstyle for long hair. After putting on this weave, we are sure that you will absolutely never want to take it off!
Since you have the option to choose the length and style, why not opt for this very lengthy ombre effect weave hairstyle? The long length gives you the desired volume and attention to your hair that you have always dreamed of having.
Need to get yourself ready for a date night but your hair isn’t having the best day? Well, take a look at these lovely curls. Ideal for your date or anywhere you are planning to go, these curls take your weave hairstyle to a whole another level.
This lovely chic red bob is the go-to look if you are the one to go after colors. Ask your hairdresser for this weave hairstyle and you are ready to shine bright like a diamond in less than an hour.
Need to get dressed to impress? Go for this never ending fashion of long hairs with perfectly curled ends. It will definitely leave a mark in all of the others minds as you walk around with your long flowy curls.
This edgy hairdo is for those of you who have shaved their hair off. Don’t fret because now you still have the option to go any way you want with this edgy weave hairdo. The pink and black combination is ideal for those on the wild and rough side.
If you don’t like the pink, how about the hint of color with this dark green hue on your weave? Suitable for anyone any place, this weave hairstyle shows off your edgy style with class. Easy to manage and effortless to achieve, get this weave hairstyle for you today!
If you are in confusion as to how to style your weave for the day, don’t worry, we are here to help you out. For an all natural look, go for this simple yet chic updo that distracts the eyes, off the weave and onto the updo.
Simple and natural, this weave hairstyle is graceful as well as trendy at the same time. Ideal for a daily natural look, you will fall in love with it as soon as you don them.
For someone looking for a new weave hairdo, why not go for this stunning looking color combination of blonde and red? Alluring and edgy, we absolutely love the combo of those two colors coming together at the roots.
If you are more into shorter length, why not go for this short pixie cut that compliments your sense of style as well as reflects your personality. Natural looking highlights add to the beauty of this natural looking pixie cut that we personally adore!
You have to agree that the combination of this long jet black weave along with a single faint blonde highlight is the look that you have been looking for. Stunningly beautiful, this weave hairstyle looks absolutely brilliant for any day or night out.
This weave hairstyle is for those who love the feel of volume and texture to their hair. Absolutely pretty, the corkscrew curls work perfectly and gives you this graceful and elegant look.
The long Burgundy curls are nothing short of perfection. You can see the reason why we have absolutely fallen in love with this weave hairstyle for long hair.
Check out these lovely long black curls that perfectly falls over your shoulder with glory. This looks absolutely stunning and gorgeous and we are sure that with this weave hairstyle, you will steal the limelight, all the way.

The National Association of Realtors is reporting that in June existing home sales (which excludes new construction sales) rose for the third straight month. Sales rose to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 4.89 million units. This represents a 3.6% increase from May.
As housing is a leading economic indicator, the stock market responded positively today to the news. All of the major markets showed sizeable positive gains. While housing is not yet out of the woods, the emerging trends are encouraging.
On the local front, we reported earlier in the month that June home sales were up over last year’s number. That is only the third time in the past 27 months that our local market has experienced a year over year increase. The return of affordability is bringing buyers back.
Sales in California, for example, shot up 35.2% from May 2008 to May 2009. Homes there were inflated way beyond sustainable levels. Prices are off 30% from a year ago, bringing them back to affordable levels. This in turn has brought the buyers back.
Most of the sales are concentrated in the lower price segments, particularly below $250,000. In that category we still see a heavy influence of bank-owned and short sale properties. They accounted for 28% of all sales below $250,000 last month (that number climbs to 53% below $200,000). Those distressed properties are being offered by very motivated sellers who are pricing the home at today’s market values.
We still see the majority of homes, particularly at the upper price ranges, being priced above market value. Price is the one thing that is keeping our market from experiencing more sales. The buyers are out there and are willing to act quickly when they see that value. They are also showing great discipline in avoiding overpriced properties.

AS investors demanded improved results, the directors of Icon Energy were forced to defend the company’s capacity to deliver on its potentially multi-billion dollar Chinese export deal.
The agreement to sell 40 million tonnes of LNG to China could potentially earn the company $32 billion by 2020, but since the announcement in April shares have dropped more than 40 per cent to a lowly 19 cents.
“Icon Energy was listed in 1997 at 20 cents a share, last year investors came in at 30 cents a share and it’s now trading at 18 cents. So over that period of time shareholders have lost a lot of money,” says Clark.
“I compare that to Molopo which has since 1997 gone up 500 per cent, Blue Energy 50 per cent, Bow 800 per cent (and) Eastern Gas 400 per cent. So the bare comparisons are actually very disappointing.
“The ASX 300, which this company unfortunately dropped out of the other day was up 100 per cent and yet Icon was down at least 10 per cent. So this company has not performed well for its shareholders.”
“The MOU (memorandum of understanding) we signed with Shenzhen SinoGas was a non-binding MOU and the desired date by the Chinese group was 2014. Because that was in the document we had to announce that, but I emphasise that it is not binding, neither is it realistic,” says James.
“(With) the negotiations we’ve conducted with them throughout this process, many of the points of negotiation are commercially in confidence and cannot be disclosed at this time.
“In doing that, we would be moving from a step where we have identified prospective resources, moved those into the contingent resource category and then further into the reserve category.
“We’ve made that very plain with our discussions and presentations with shareholders that this is the process.”
James says many aspects of the agreement must pass through the Chinese Government and ‘are out of our control’. He gave no assurance that the deal wouldn’t be postponed beyond the December date, but emphasised the board is ‘working vigorously and very hard towards that’.
Icon chairman Stephen Barry was also forced to defend James’ remuneration package which, at more than $640,000 per year, is far higher than the average executive salary of a second-tier CSG explorer.
A resolution was however passed to double non-executive director’s fees from $250,000 to $500,000, despite shareholders blocking the same move at the last AGM.
Barry says the increased funding would go towards adding additional non-executive directors if and when the company needed to bolster its expertise.
“There is a very strong movement around the Dalby area in the Darling Downs to stop CSG operations. I can only comment by saying that much of the information that’s been published is seriously, factually wrong and there needs to be a process of education to carry these projects forward,” says James.
“But what is Icon doing about all this in the areas where we operate? We have from day one engaged all of our landowners on a personal basis. We’ve kept them informed; explained the operation to them and by in large we’ve had people that are quite happy and we’re working well with them.”
Icon Energy has also made presentations to local councils about its activities and recently sponsored the distribution of a new board game to all school children in its operating area.
James’ says the latter was simply a ‘PR opportunity’, but an important step in engaging with the local communities.
All company resolutions were passed at Icon’s annual general meeting.

All employees are very helpful. Make you feel welcomed & very friendly.
Excellent care! Very cordial and competent staff. [removed], the Director, is so friendly, positive, and professional. This is truly a fine, fine community.
Beautiful community inside and out.
I was looking for a place for my grandfather. Everyone is so nice & helpful. I plan to show my grandfather the Legacy when he comes to town.
By far the best I have seen (6).
a) The building is prettier than an art museum-- far superior to any hotel/facility I've seen (this compares over 100's of hotels, motels, etc)
b) The people who work here are superb!
Friendly, knowledgeable, and willing and able to do anything they can to make the residents/guests comfortable.
c) I ate the best meal I've ever had in a restaurant (+ I'm 80)
This is the place I would choose to live in my later years!
The total experience was amazing!
The staff and facility are awesome! So helpful and kind, even when my mother causes issues with her behavior. The food is really good and mom's happy about that. They get mom to participate when she's never done anything at her last place, so I'm Thrilled!
[A] wonderful place like a dream house.
I enjoyed my visit. Everything was wonderful.
My mom is so happy and so am I.
The staff is SO Friendly, and the building is beautiful.
[They] take wonderful care of my grandmother. They are the best!
Lots of activities for my uncle to do. Beautiful, clean, still smells new.
Beautiful building with an even friendlier staff. My mom is well taken care of and enjoys the food, socialization and the events each month. My family and I could not be happier.
My mother enjoys the happy staff and attention she receives from everyone. I would recommend this place to anyone. There is nothing like it in El Paso.
Amazing facility & comfortable. All of the staff and department heads are very attentive and caring.
Dad resides in memory care attended to by a cheerful and caring staff. In these difficult times, it’s a comfort to know he is in a good place!
What a beautiful, caring community! The staff, without exception, is top notch and I know that my mother is receiving excellent care. I whole heartedly would recommend The Legacy at Cimarron to anyone needing assisted living for their loved ones.
Plenty of activities and programs for residents with engaged staff at all levels.
It is absolutely the most wonderful place I could be in. The people who live here and who also work here are the best. I feel very blessed to be here.
The Legacy at Cimarron - El Paso, TX has been recognized for consistently high ratings from residents and their families in previous years.

As you might have noticed, sadly both Glork and InflatablePie have stepped down as Discussion Mods. I want to thank both for their work, and I'll miss them.
As a reminder, our discussion moderator applications are rolling, and it is very possible we will take another discussion moderator in the near future. If you're interested, please make sure your application is in here.
Don't forget to put this on your resume!
nice job being upgraded to a nice colour!
Wait.....so who is going to be the 4th site chat mod?
its you. you are our leader now.
Wait....what....I didn't sign up for this.
In post 0, zoraster wrote: it is very possible we will take another discussion moderator in the near future
Surrender, imagine and of course wear something nice.

Early in the evening I took my time to think more about at the sunset. First it was very lively around us. Just before the sunset I heard the sound of silence. The relaxed atmosphere made me fall in to the deepest thoughts. What kind of history do this island really hide?
We enjoyed the sunset combined by drinking and listening to classical music. Just perfect for romantic couples. I almost fell in a trance. It was amazing how silent it could be with so many people around.
Immediately after the dark set the noise started. It was definitely party time, and we threw ourselves out in the wild night.
From time to time nature catastrophes have been referred to "gods will" by religious fanatic and power sick people. Based on thoroughly scientific researches it can be explained naturally. The eruption was definitely not a sign from any god. It was the Mother Nature own brutal work.
· Is the bible the biggest bluff ever in the world's history?
· Can history be studied in a rational way?
· How would you react if someone told you that there is no god?
· Is it truth what the scientific says now a days that life was brought by the Big Bang, and by not any invisible god?
· Is the bible written of people who want power or people who couldn't understand the power of nature that time?
Why and how? These questions have been the driver for humans curiosity, hunger for knowledge and research. But with religion in the back of their mind: can really scientific explorations leads to rational answers?
What do you suppose God did? Since I where a child, I have wondered: how did God make it possible for the Israelites (Hebrews) to cross the Red Sea, the Gulf of Suez or where ever it was without boats or a bridge? And why could not the Egyptians get across in the same way?
God caused a strong wind to blow over the water, and it blew all night until the water was blown aside far enough to make a passageway of dry ground over which the Israelites could march through. What a wonder! God certainly knows how to do things, doesn't he? Or was it something more natural, which can be explained scientifically?
For me Santorino was a journey in to one of the nature's many mysteries. I still wonder: is this the volcanic eruption that made the bible for the story how Moses and his people escaped from Pharaoh's army?
In the volcanic black landscape we had our hard time balancing on the back of donkeys. Sitting on the back of a donkey descending the steep hillside was an interesting experience.
Travelling is an important source for knowledge. Only by travel around the world you will be able to see the whole picture with the essential details. It's like a mosaic or puzzle where you had to put piece by piece together to fulfil it completely. You will see: the truth is out there. Santorino is probably one place where you can find deeper understanding of historical events in a wider perspective.
Search for more information on Discovery`s website.

Posted by AtheistJoy on August 17, 2008 at 9:31pm
At the other end of the spectrum is a group sometimes called the emerging church.
For Seattle Christian Jim Henderson it meant rejecting what he calls "beliefism," in favor of the idea that behavior matters more than belief. His organization, Off the Map, bid for the "soul" of an atheist a few years ago and won it for $500. Instead of trying to convert the atheist, Henderson took him to megachurches and asked him for critiques. A book ensued.
That sort of idea is being taken up by many young people who eschew the title evangelical or even Christian. For them, doing the work Jesus advocated is more important than doctrine. They favor small groups that often have no statement of faith at all. Their faith is about serving the poor, often internationally.
So, there are the New Calvinists and there's Universalist/Multicultural Evangelicals? This will be interesting. I think I'm going to like the latter group a lot better. Maybe we'll get to relax a little. It would be nice. Unfortunately, I think the former group will have the bigger mouth.
I believe the source of moral truth is the Bible.
I believe the Bible is accurate in all of the principles it teaches.
I believe that eternal spiritual salvation cannot be earned.
I believe that Jesus lived a sinless life on earth.
I believe that every person has a responsibility to share their religious beliefs with others.
I believe that Satan is a living force, not just a symbol of evil.
I believe that God is the all-knowing, all-powerful maker of the universe who still rules that creation today.
How about a big, fat I strongly disagree. to all of these?

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: “Through the Dark Web, Cheng Le attempted to acquire a lethal toxin. In Le’s own words, established at trial, he was looking for ‘simple and easy death pills’ and ways to commit ‘100% risk-free’ murder. Thanks to the FBI, the NYPD, and the Postal Inspection Service, Le’s deadly plot was thwarted and he has been incapacitated by a lengthy term in federal prison.”
Assistant Attorney General John P. Carlin said: “Cheng Le attempted to acquire ricin for use as a lethal weapon, and used a stolen identity to do so. Le sought a ‘risk-free’ way to murder an individual, but thanks to the efforts of law enforcement, his lethal plans were thwarted and the deadly toxin was kept out of his hands.”
According to the allegations contained in documents previously filed in federal court and the evidence presented at trial:
Ricin is a highly potent and fatal toxin with no known antidote. The “Dark Web” is a colloquial name for a number of extensive, sophisticated, and widely used online criminal marketplaces, which allow participants to buy and sell illegal items, including ricin.
“Does ricin have antidote? Last I check there isn’t one, isn’t it?”
“Injection can be difficult to pull off. Ricin doesn’t work immediately. You wouldn’t expect the target to not fight back after being jabbed.”
“I probably told you this before, about mixing one and only one toxic pill into a bottle of normal pills. They all look identical. And as the target takes the medicine every day, sooner or later he’d ingest that poisonous pill and die. Even if there is a murder investigation, they won’t find any more toxin. 100% Risk Free.”
“If you can make them into simple and easy death pills, they’d become bestsellers.”
Moreover, during these exchanges, LE further revealed to the OCE that he had a specific victim in mind: “someone middle-aged. Weight around 200 lbs.”
LE was arrested in New York, New York, on December 23, 2014.

Cathy, catching a glimpse of her friend in his concealment, flew to embrace him; she bestowed seven or eight kisses on his cheek within the second, and then stopped, and drawing back, burst into a laugh, exclaiming, 'Why, how very black and cross you look! and how--how funny and grim! But that's because I'm used to Edgar and Isabella Linton. Well, Heathcliff, have you forgotten me?'
'Come--are you coming?' I continued. 'There's a little cake for each of you, nearly enough; and you'll need half-an-hour's donning.'
'In other words, I must wish for Edgar Linton's great blue eyes and even forehead,' he replied. 'I do--and that won't help me to them.'
'There, there, children--to your seats!' cried Hindley, bustling in. 'That brute of a lad has warmed me nicely. Next time, Master Edgar, take the law into your own fists--it will give you an appetite!'
'No matter--I'm not accustomed to go to bed in the long hours. One or two is early enough for a person who lies till ten.'
'I hope not, sir. Well, you must allow me to leap over some three years; during that space Mrs. Earnshaw--'

By definition, promotional products, promotional merchandise, promotional items, product media, or advertising gifts, sometimes nicknamed schwag or swag, are articles of merchandise, usually displaying a logo or slogan, used in marketing programs. They’re generally given away to promote a brand, company, entity’s image, or special event, usually at trade shows, conferences, and as part of guerrilla marketing campaigns.
What you may not realize is that year-to-year studies, conducted by the Advertising Specialty Institute, continue to show that promotional products' reach and cost effectiveness are greater than most every other advertising medium.
In other words, if you aren’t using promotional products to promote yourself and your business, you may very likely be wasting your advertising dollars.
Trophy Award Company offers thousands of the most cost effective and innovative custom printed promo products to increase your brand impact and leave a lasting impression. Here you’ll find an extensive line of marketing products to choose from. Please browse the possibilities. You may order through this website or call us and we'll help you choose your promotional products and add your logo or message.
The possibilities extend way beyond this. If you have something in mind or need assistance, please contact us and one of our expert representatives will be very happy to assist your promotional merchandise needs! We can help you make selections from our shop website or we can locate the perfect item and tailor it to your specific branding needs for promoting your business or event.
Never worry how to supply artwork for your selected promo merch. We understand this can often be confusing and frustrating. We’re here to help you through the process and even have expert graphic designers on staff who can do the work for you. Don’t hesitate to call us at (888) 875-0882 or email us!
Thank you, we look forward to working with you and hope to add you to our wonderful list of clients!
Any tumbler that's coming along for the ride needs to be tough enough to keep up. Our Rambler® 20oz. is made from stainless steel with double-wall vacuum insulation to protect your hot or cold beverag...

This particular location is now closed (in fact, the building has been demolished), but there are two more locations in Lakewood.
In every place I have traveled over the past few years I have searched out the coffee joints and checked them out. I have still not found even one place that can compete with this joint.
One point that continuously bothers me with other joints is their lack of true coffee. Most places are big into their specialty drinks. Few truly focus on real good fresh coffee. Here at The French Press, we are talking about literally tens of different coffees freshly roasted and brewed on site. They have coffees from all over the world some brought in exclusively for this shop.
Let me make this simple. From the "simple" coffees to the specialty drinks, I have never seen or tasted anything like I have at The French Press!

rheumatism never leaves a mark after it, is entirely due to the
tissues. Personally, however, I have the feeling that there are a
number of different kinds of acute arthritis, probably three or
four, and that most of them leave no pathological condition in the
and recognize them from the beginning, as we have already done with
patients to think that there are serious pathological factors at work,
causes: to over-exertion, to the wrong use of muscles, to the exercise
so long as people are assured that an ailment is local, is not likely
to be followed by serious impairment of function, that the discomfort
of it is only temporary, and, above all, just as soon as they get rid
general health. Unfortunately, it is the custom to call most of these
thought of as a progressive constitutional disease, and the very idea
associated with the thought of the possibility of serious
tendency of the human mind to make the significance of misunderstood
things greater than they really are. It is particularly true of
painful conditions of the body, and the tendency must be
combated if patients are to be relieved. This must be done not alone
system to the periphery to keep it in good health and to restore
function when there is anything out of order. In a word, the
ill must, as far as possible, be removed for their immediate relief as
language which can be made to include more diseases and explain more
drop--referring to the excess of secretion that is supposed to occur
in the disease. All of these have for their basic idea, in etymology
at least, an increase of secretion. A generation or two ago, the word
somewhat into the background by the other two. Any one of these three
terms carries with it, in the popular mind, a connotation of
anything that physicians know with regard to these diseases.
chronic rheumatism was that they developed on the basis of an excess
came for a time the theory of an excess of lithic acid, the so-called
of the blood or the system, and then there are various changes of diet
that are supposed to do the same thing. These two systems of treatment
and the combination of them have constituted the main therapeutic
though their success has been anything but what they hoped for.
these cases. Over and over again I have seen patients who had lost
minds this seems to include most of the starches, as well as the
amount of bread, with a warning as to red meats, and occasionally even
some distrustful remarks with regard to butter, it is not surprising
painful conditions became severer, and that, above all, the patients'
tract for food. I have seen a man who was not much over normal weight
to begin with lose twenty-five pounds, nearly one-sixth of his weight,
really due to his occupation, but that had been diagnosed as
Irregular Treatment.--As we have said, this group of cases constitutes
the most frequent and abundant source of profit for quacks and
osteopath, whom we have already mentioned, for to these cases he owes
most of his success in appealing to legislatures for recognition, the
reason why they have done so is that, as a rule, they have at once
one hundred years ago and many of its successors, or the
of the present day, have been employed with consequent restoration of
circulatory disturbances to normal conditions and, in general, the
successfully and this opprobrium of medicine, as it has been called,
is to be removed, it can only be done by a careful analysis of the
rise to painful conditions of joints are most diverse in character.
There was a time when all of the infectious joint affections had the
meant, of course, is that the microbes of these specific diseases have
joints, or perhaps several of them, and have set up an inflammatory
from the rheumatism group and it seems clear that in the near future
we shall have rheumatism itself divided up into a series of diseases.
By this I mean that even where there is the redness, the swelling and
the fever of true inflammation of joints, it is not always due to one
forms of rheumatism. At present we are prone to speak of many of the
serious than others, most of them capable of complete cure, though
the old and those who have been hard muscle workers, in those who have
old injuries. All of these conditions, one way or another, have left
There are a number of reasons why rainy weather produces this effect.
conditions in the tissues, for evaporation is the most important
element in heat dissipation. This leads to the accumulation of heat in
a general feeling of depression in wet weather and apparently the
of the body and in the terminal portions, so that the hands and feet
are likely to be cold. Just as soon as the barometer goes up somewhat
these conditions cease to be active and there is restoration of the
difficult to make them contract, and consequently they are used at a
though in the case of toothache or neuralgia, for instance, we do not
they are due to the fact that muscles working around joints are not
strong enough to accomplish their normal purposes. In the other cases,
owing to the weight of the body, the muscles are overstrained. In a
than they were before they took to their beds. On the other hand,
such pathological incident, or who, as the result of careful
most patients have is that their ailment, whatever it is, is
amusing to one who knows the present-day status of opinion in biology
or joints, especially if that condition is worse on rainy days,
from rheumatism. I took the trouble to analyze in more than a dozen
them to pneumonia. It must not be forgotten that a century ago, or
even less, it was not uncommon to hear that certain people had
As can be readily understood, the question of heredity in rheumatism
upon patients' minds. In the old days, when tuberculosis was
universally considered to be hereditary, a patient was likely to think
himself the victim of an hereditary condition which could not be cured
and which inevitably led to a fatal termination. Something of the same
idea, though the immediate outlook is not so gloomy, is likely to
heredity, of course, is bound up with that of rheumatism being a
is supposed to be related to acute rheumatism and to represent, as it
gives rise to acute rheumatism.
So-called Chronic Rheumatism.--In these cases it is always a question
whether the condition which causes the pain and discomfort is genuine
chronic rheumatism or not. I am one of those who doubt whether we have
large doses of these drugs. These relieve the pain, as do any other
coal tar products, but it is hard to understand how they are ever
supposed to do any good for the underlying pathological conditions.
that it leaves no mark upon the joints that were affected by it. These
and there usually remains not even the slightest sign of there having
after-effects alone that we are sometimes able to differentiate
which resemble it so closely. Just the same thing is true of
Recurrence.--In some cases there seems to be a tendency for the
does not so much indicate, however, any loss of special tissue
microbe. Certainly this tendency is not sufficient to make us think of
Unclassified Forms.--It is possible that in a certain number of cases
for which as yet we have no name but rheumatism, there is a virulence
This, however--and the cases are very rare--is probably an affection
to which the name of rheumatic arthritis will not be given when we
know more of the disease and its cause. There are probably many forms
eventually be divided into groups, as we have made groups in the
possible, by pointing out exactly what is the matter with them and
structure in the neighborhood of joints, so as to decide exactly what
is the matter with him, and not be satisfied with the easy but
the cure of chronic diseases. More probably than any other class of
appealed to a great many of these patients. It has done it in two
ways. The first and most important probably by its effect upon the
according to the founder of osteopathy, constitutes the basis of
ninety-five per cent. of all the ills to which human nature is heir or
that it was only a question of time when they would be in the same
condition. There is no good reason to speak of such conditions as
circulation in the parts, call the blood to the surface, and prevent
of the aches or pains. These affections take on a much more serious
character in the minds of patients as soon as the word rheumatism is
mentioned. To tell them that the condition is entirely local, has no
tendency to spread, has nothing to do with any constitutional
condition, and can be relieved by local measures and the improvement
of the general health, will often bring the patient a good measure of

How long would life forms be able to live if the sun were to just dissapear and send us flying into space?
Do you know something you want to share?
If I wanted to make a rough estimate, I'd consider how much the temperature usually drops from daytime to nighttime. About 10 C, or 15-20 F? Then imagine the temperature continues dropping by that much every 12 hours.
However, if looking at broad spectrum life forms. I would think simple life forms would be around for a long time, perhaps several millions of years.
Sub terrain life forms would still have geothermal heat. Also I don't think the oceans would freeze to the bottom for the same reason. There may be several kilometers of ice but still still liquid H2O under it.
As an example the life that exists around geothermal vent in the deep ocean is quite robust. to both temperature and pressure.
However, I don't think it would be a totally dead planet for quite a long time.
But, I am not going to worry about the Sun just shutting down on a moments notice.
Obviously gravity would be affected...what would happen to the atmosphere...step by step?
As the temperature started to drop, the coefficient of volumetric expansion would kick in and start to reduce the volume of atmospheric gases.
The surface pressure would rise slightly. As the temperature falls further each atmospheric gas will arrive at a pressure / temperature curve in which the gas will liquefy.
I think Redbelly's estimate is probably good. If we start at 80F or 300K, and figure a 10K per 12 hour drop that's about 6.6% drop per day, giving 44F after one day, 10F after two, -20F after three, -51F after four. I don't know how you want to define a dangerous level, but I'd guess almost all humans would be dead within a week.

The set-up. That's about as far as I could get on Sunday. But I left out an important question when it comes to "whatever," or more specifically, "whomever," Jesus brings your way. Some thing or, rather, some ones come between the prospect of rest and the reality of more "work" for the disciples:
"Now many of them saw [the disciples and Jesus retreating by themselves to a desolate place] and recognized them, and they ran there on foot from all the towns and got there ahead of them" (Mark 6:33).
Fleshy hearts are always the right start. Something happens when you trust your life to Christ and begin to walk with him: You wish to pass on the same love with which Jesus has loved you. You are not only gifted with a new kind of love but a totally new heart:
Don't get me wrong, these are all wonderful images of Jesus that you may find in any church nursery built in the 1970s.
Teach us to care through prayer. Jesus leads others to himself by teaching them "many things" (v.34). This is how he begins to shepherd people looking for genuine change. While teaching truth about Jesus has a critical place, we can begin to lead others to the Shepherd through prayer. One reason prayer I have found prayer not just spiritually but also practically so helpful is that early on in an encounter or relationship prayer begins shed light upon whether the person has come to find life or to rob it.
"Up to some years ago, I was always annoyed by interruptions...then the Lord convinced me that He sends people our way. He sent Philip to the Ethiopian eunuch. He sent Barnabas to Saul. So when someone comes in, I say, 'The Lord must have brought you here. Let us find out why He sent you. Let us have prayer.' This does two things. The interview takes on new importance because God is in it. And it generally shortens the interview...pleasant but brief."
Eugene Petersen wrote a brilliant article years ago, which was also a chapter title in a book of his, called "Teach us to care, and not to care." His thoughtful expose really helped me answer the question: How do you help people who wish to be helped and how can you tell who those people are? I'll leave you with this lengthy excerpt:
However, I did make a brief comment: Public, corporate worship - hearing from God's Word together and singing it to one another and to God - protects and enlargens the prayer closet. This is the other side of the coin in developing intimacy with God. The impetus behind that brief comment largely stemmed from a sermon I read last week by David Clarkson.
David Clarkson (1622-1686) was a colleague and successor in the pulpit to the famous Puritan John Owen. His sermon is entitled: Public worship to be preferred before private from Psalm 87:2 and it contains an absurd number of Roman numerals that will cause you to either grow dizzy or begin to form a shape (various Star Wars or Lord of the Rings characters are common) if you look at them (or through them) for too long.
Without further ado, here are 8 reasons (Clarkson gives 12 but 4 of them are, in my estimate, not well-supported) to stop telling yourself: "Oh, I'll just stay out later and spend time with God by myself on the beach when I wake up" or "Must...hit...snooze...button. Sleep...better...than...preacher" or "God understands that I have ____ going on or ____kids or need to put in ____ extra hours at work" and instead enjoy the benefits promised in God's Word of gathering together to grow from and gladly respond to God's Word.
5. Public worship is more edifying than private. In private, you seek God merely for your own good, but in public you seek the good of both yourselves and others. Every person who trusts Jesus brings with them a gift "to serve one another" (1 Peter 4:10), "for building up the body of Christ" (Eph. 4:12), and "for the common good" (1 Cor. 12:7).
8. Public worship is the nearest resemblance of heaven. A wedding feast, a banqueting table, a heavenly city are all descriptions that entail more than just you and J.C. over a candlelight dinner.

I will die, yes. But I will not serve Death by killing in war, by betraying anyone who is hiding from killers. My death is inevitable, but human killing of one another is a different story. I object and refuse to participate. (Report) Reply
Not a big fan of this poem for some unknown reason. (Report) Reply
The final report was published on 30 July 1912. Its recommendations, along with those of the earlier United States Senate inquiry that had taken place in the month after the sinking, led to changes in safety practices following the disaster.
The Attorney General for England and Wales, Sir Rufus Isaacs, gave the commission a list of 26 questions concerning issues such as Titanic's construction, how she had been navigated and the ice warnings received prior to the collision with the iceberg. A further question was added after the inquiry began concerning the role played by the SS Californian, which had been in the vicinity of Titanic but had not rendered assistance to the sinking ship.[5]
The report found that Titanic's sinking was solely the result of colliding with the iceberg, not due to any inherent flaws with the ship, and that the collision had been brought about by a dangerously fast speed in icy waters:
The Court, having carefully inquired into the circumstances of the above mentioned shipping casualty, finds, for the reasons appearing in the annex hereto, that the loss of the said ship was due to collision with an iceberg, brought about by the excessive speed at which the ship was being navigated.[27]
The report's recommendations, along with those of the earlier United States Senate inquiry that had taken place in the month after the sinking, led to changes in safety practices following the disaster.
What's this? Current average ratings.
I have a relevant college/university degreeIt is part of my professionIt is a deep personal passionThe source of my knowledge is not listed here I would like to help improve Wikipedia, send me an e-mail (optional) We will send you a confirmation e-mail. We will not share your e-mail address with outside parties as per our feedback privacy statement.Submit ratings
Thanks! Your ratings have been saved.Please take a moment to complete a short survey.Start surveyMaybe later
Thanks! Your ratings have been saved.Do you want to create an account? An account will help you track your edits, get involved in discussions, and be a part of the community.Create an accountorLog inMaybe later
LanguagesFrançaisThis page was last modified on 15 May 2012 at 00: 12.
Beginning of the Cold War. (more...)
In June, during the last days of the Battle of France, the Soviet Union forcibly annexed Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, [54] and then annexed the disputed Romanian region of Bessarabia. Meanwhile, Nazi-Soviet political rapprochement and economic cooperation[72][73] gradually stalled, [74][75] and both states began preparations for war.[76]
The Allies did have some successes during this time. In the Middle East, Commonwealth forces first quashed a coup in Iraq which had been supported by German aircraft from bases within Vichy-controlled Syria, [99] then, with the assistance of the Free French, invaded Syria and Lebanon to prevent further such occurrences.[100] In the Atlantic, the British scored a much-needed public morale boost by sinking the German flagship Bismarck.[101] Perhaps most importantly, during the Battle of Britain the Royal Air Force had successfully resisted the Luftwaffe's assault, and the German bombing campaign largely ended in May 1941.[102]
The Axis-controlled territory in Europe at the time of its maximal expansion (1941–42) .By early December, freshly mobilised reserves[126] allowed the Soviets to achieve numerical parity with Axis troops.[127] This, as well as intelligence data that established a minimal number of Soviet troops in the East sufficient to prevent any attack by the Japanese Kwantung Army, [128] allowed the Soviets to begin a massive counter-offensive that started on 5 December along a 1,000 kilometres (620 mi) front and pushed German troops 100–250 kilometres (62–160 mi) west.[129]
Post-war division of the world was formalised by two international military alliances, the United States-led NATO and the Soviet-led Warsaw Pact; [262] the long period of political tensions and military competition between them, the Cold War, would be accompanied by unprecedented arms race and proxy wars.[263]
It has been suggested by some historians[who? ] that the mass-bombing of civilian areas in enemy territory, including Tokyo and most notably the German cities of Dresden, Hamburg and Cologne by Western Allies, which resulted in the destruction of more than 160 cities and the deaths of more than 600,000 German civilians be considered as war crimes.[309]
In Asia, Japan termed nations under its occupation as being part of the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere, essentially a Japanese hegemony which it claimed was for purposes of liberating colonised peoples.[341] Although Japanese forces were originally welcomed as liberators from European domination in many territories, their excessive brutality turned local public opinions against them within weeks.[342] During Japan's initial conquest it captured 4,000,000 barrels (640,000 m³) of oil (~5.5×105 tonnes) left behind by retreating Allied forces, and by 1943 was able to get production in the Dutch East Indies up to 50 million barrels (~6.8×10^6 t) ,76 percent of its 1940 output rate.[342]
See more Wikipedia articles related to World War II.
The World at War (1974) , a 26-part Thames Television series that covers most aspects of World War II from many points of view. It includes interviews with many key figures including Karl Dönitz, Albert Speer, and Anthony Eden.
2.^ After the fall of the Third Republic in 1940, the de facto government was the Vichy Regime. It conducted pro-Axis policies until November 1942 while remaining formally neutral. The Free French Forces, based out of London, were recognized by all Allies as the official government in September 1944.
8.^ German-American Relations – Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany (two plus four) . Usa.usembassy.de. http: //usa.usembassy.de/etexts/2plusfour8994e.htm. Retrieved 29 January 2012.
123.^ Glantz 2001, p.26, By 1 November [the Wehrmacht] had lost fully 20% of its committed strength (686,000 men) , up to 2/3 of its ½-million motor vehicles, and 65 percent of its tanks. The German Army High Command (OKH) rated its 136 divisions as equivalent to 83 full-strength divisions.
139.^ According to Ernest May (May, Ernest (1955) . The United States, the Soviet Union and the Far Eastern War. The Pacific Historical Review 24 (2) : 156.) Churchill stated: Russian declaration of war on Japan would be greatly to our advantage, provided, but only provided, that Russians are confident that will not impair their Western Front.
252.^ History of the UN. United Nations. http: //www.un.org/aboutun/history.htm. Retrieved 25 January 2010.
253.^ The Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Article 2. United Nations. http: //www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/. Retrieved 14 November 2009. * Everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration, without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status. Furthermore, no distinction shall be made on the basis of the political, jurisdictional or international status of the country or territory to which a person belongs, whether it be independent, trust, non-self-governing or under any other limitation of sovereignty
254.^ The UN Security Council, http: //www.unfoundation.org/what-we-do/issues/united-nations/the-un-security-council.html, retrieved 5-15-2012
287.^ World War II Fatalities. secondworldwar.co.uk. http: //secondworldwar.co.uk/index.php/fatalities. Retrieved 20 April 2007.
Marley's best known hits include 'I Shot the Sheriff', 'No Woman, No Cry', 'Exodus', 'Could You Be Loved', 'Stir It Up', 'Jamming', 'Redemption Song', 'One Love' and, together with The Wailers, ''Three Little Birds', [2] as well as the posthumous releases 'Buffalo Soldier' and 'Iron Lion Zion'. The compilation album, Legend, released in 1984, three years after his death, is the best-selling reggae album ever (10 times platinum[3]) , with sales of more than 12 million copies.[2]
In 1962, Marley recorded his first two singles, 'Judge Not' and 'One Cup of Coffee', with local music producer Leslie Kong. These songs, released on the Beverley's label under the pseudonym of Bobby Martell, [10] attracted little attention. The songs were later re-released on the box set, Songs of Freedom, a posthumous collection of Marley's work.
In 1966, Marley married Rita Anderson, and moved near his mother's residence in Wilmington, Delaware in the United States for a short time, during which he worked as a DuPont lab assistant and on the assembly line at a Chrysler plant, under the alias Donald Marley.[11] Upon returning to Jamaica, Marley became a member of the Rastafari movement, and started to wear his trademark dreadlocks (see the religion section for more on Marley's religious views) .
The Wailers' first album, Catch a Fire, was released worldwide in 1973, and sold well. It was followed a year later by Burnin', which included the songs 'Get Up, Stand Up' and 'I Shot The Sheriff'. Eric Clapton made a hit cover of 'I Shot the Sheriff' in 1974, raising Marley's international profile.
In 1975, Marley had his international breakthrough with his first hit outside Jamaica, 'No Woman, No Cry, ' from the Natty Dread album. This was followed by his breakthrough album in the US, Rastaman Vibration (1976) , which spent four weeks on the Billboard charts Top Ten.
Babylon by Bus, a double live album with 13 tracks, was released in 1978 to critical acclaim. This album, and specifically the final track 'Jammin'' with the audience in a frenzy, captured the intensity of Marley's live performances.
None but ourselves can free our minds… ” (Report) Reply
Initially, the Dzhugashvilis' lives were prosperous and happy, but Stalin's father became an alcoholic, [9] which gradually led to his business failing and his becoming violently abusive to his wife and child. As their financial situation grew worse, Stalin's family moved homes frequently; at least nine times in Stalin's first ten years of life.[10]
The town where Stalin grew up was a violent and lawless place. It had only a small police force and a culture of violence that included gang-warfare, organized street brawls and wrestling tournaments (some of these were traditions inherited from Georgia's war-torn past) .[10] Stalin took part in streetfighting as a child; he was not afraid to challenge opponents who were much stronger than he, and he was severely beaten on numerous occasions.[10]
At the age of 7, Stalin fell ill with smallpox and his face was badly scarred by the disease. He later had photographs retouched to make his pockmarks less apparent. Stalin's native tongue was Georgian. He started learning Russian only when he was eight or nine years old, and he never lost his strong Georgian accent.
After abandoning his priestly education, Stalin took a job as a weatherman at the Tiflis Meteorological Observatory. Although the pay was relatively low (20 roubles a month) , his workload was light, giving him plenty of time for revolutionary activities. He would organise strikes, lead demonstrations and give speeches. He soon caught the attention of the Tsar's secret police, the Okhrana. During this time he met and charmed Simon Ter-Petrossian, a violent psychopath who became his long-time henchman and enforcer.[12]
In February 1904, the Russo-Japanese War broke out between Japan and Russia. The war, which would eventually end in Russia's defeat, severely strained the Russian economy and caused a great deal of restlessness in Georgia. Stalin travelled across Georgia conducting political activity for his party. He also worked to undermine the Mensheviks through a campaign of slander and intrigue; his efforts brought him to Lenin's attention for the first time.
Stalin's family moved to Baku. Whilst Stalin continued his revolutionary activities, his wife fell ill from Baku's pollution, heat, stress and malnourishment. She eventually contracted typhus (though many historians believe it to have been tuberculosis) and died on December 5 1907. Stalin was overcome with grief and retreated into mourning for several months. The loss also hardened him; he told a friend: 'with her died my last warm feelings for humanity'.[10] He abandoned his son, Yakov, who was raised by his deceased wife's family.
In 1922, with the aid of Lenin and Kamenev, Stalin was appointed General Secretary of the Central Committee. This post gave him the power to appoint his supporters to key positions within the government and the Party. It also brought the secret police under his control.
Later, in 1924, Stalin himself created a myth around a so-called 'Party Centre' which 'directed' all practical work pertaining to the uprising, consisting of himself, Sverdlov, Dzerzhinsky, Uritsky, and Bubnov. No evidence was ever shown for the activity of this 'centre', which would, in any case, have been subordinate to the Military Revolutionary Council, headed by Trotsky.
Stalin played a decisive role in engineering the 1921 Red Army invasion of Georgia following which he adopted particularly hardline, centralist policies towards Soviet Georgia, which included severe repression of all opposition within the local Communist party (e.g., the Georgian Affair of 1922) , not to mention any manifestations of anti-Sovietism (the August Uprising of 1924) .[14] It was in the Georgian affairs that Stalin first began to play his own hand.[15]
In the struggle for leadership after Lenin's death one thing was evident; whoever ended up ruling the party had to demonstrate fealty to the memory of Lenin. Stalin did so by organizing the late leader's funeral, after which he made a speech professing an undying loyalty to Lenin that was almost religious in nature.
Stalin's actual relationship with Lenin, which was far more complex than Stalin's speeches alluded, has been illuminated by a number of sources that were made available after the fall of the Soviet Union, including some from Lenin's sister.[16][17]
However, as the popularity of other leaders such as Sergei Kirov and the so-called Ryutin Affair were to demonstrate, Stalin did not achieve absolute power until the Great Purge of 1936–1938.
One of the best examples of Stalin's ability to integrate secret police and foreign espionage came in 1940, when he gave approval to the secret police to have Leon Trotsky assassinated in Mexico.[18]
A portrait of Stalin.The Russian Civil War and wartime communism had a devastating effect on the country's economy. Industrial output in 1922 was 13% of that in 1914. A recovery followed under the New Economic Policy, which allowed a degree of market flexibility within the context of socialism.
Under Stalin's direction, this was replaced by a system of centrally ordained 'Five-Year Plans' in the late 1920s. These called for a highly ambitious program of state-guided crash industrialization and the collectivization of agriculture.
In 1933 workers' real earnings sank to about one-tenth of the 1926 level. Common and political prisoners in labor camps were forced to do unpaid labor, and communists and Komsomol members were frequently 'mobilized' for various construction projects. The Soviet Union used foreign experts, e.g. British engineer Stephen Adams, to instruct their workers and improve their manufacturing processes.
In spite of early breakdowns and failures, the first two Five-Year Plans achieved rapid industrialization from a very low economic base. While it is generally agreed that the Soviet Union achieved significant levels of economic growth under Stalin, the precise rate of growth is disputed. It is not disputed, however, that these gains were accomplished at the cost of millions of lives.
According to Robert Lewis the Five-Year Plan substantially helped to modernize the previously backward Soviet economy. New products were developed, and the scale and efficiency of existing production greatly increased. Some innovations were based on indigenous technical developments, others on imported foreign technology.[20]
Many historians assert the disruption caused by collectivization was largely responsible for major famines.
Other historians hold it was largely the insufficient harvests of 1931 and 1932 caused by a variety of natural disasters that resulted in famine, with the successful harvest of 1933 ending the famine.[24]
Famine affected other parts of the USSR. The death toll from famine in the Soviet Union at this time is estimated at between five and ten million people. The worst crop failure of late tsarist Russia, in 1892, had caused 375,000 to 400,000 deaths.[25][dead link]
Science in the Soviet Union was under strict ideological control by Stalin and his government, along with art and literature. There was significant progress in 'ideologically safe' domains, owing to the free Soviet education system and state-financed research. However, in several cases the consequences of ideological pressure were dramatic—the most notable examples being the 'bourgeois pseudosciences' genetics and cybernetics.
Indeed, many politicians in the United States expressed a fear, after the 'Sputnik crisis, ' that their country had been eclipsed by the Soviet Union in science and in public education.
During Stalin's reign the official and long-lived style of Socialist Realism was established for painting, sculpture, music, drama and literature. Previously fashionable 'revolutionary' expressionism, abstract art, and avant-garde experimentation were discouraged or denounced as 'formalism'. Careers were made and broken, some more than once. Famous figures were repressed, and many persecuted, tortured and executed, both 'revolutionaries' (among them Isaac Babel, Vsevolod Meyerhold) and 'non-conformists' (for example, Osip Mandelstam) .
The degree of Stalin's personal involvement in general, and in specific instances, has been the subject of discussion. His name was as constantly invoked during his reign in discussions of culture as in just about everything else; in several famous cases his opinion was final.
Stalin's occasional beneficence showed itself in strange ways. For example, Mikhail Bulgakov was driven to poverty and despair; yet, after a personal appeal to Stalin, he was allowed to continue working. His play, The Days of the Turbines, with its sympathetic treatment of an anti-Bolshevik family caught up in the Civil War, was finally staged, apparently also on Stalin's intervention, and began a decades-long uninterrupted run at the Moscow Arts Theater.
A caricature of 'Stalin a great friend of religion', when churches were allowed to be opened during World War II.
Just days before Stalin's death, certain religious sects were outlawed and persecuted.
Many religions popular in the ethnic regions of the Soviet Union including the Roman Catholic Church, Uniats, Baptists, Islam, Buddhism, Judaism, etc. underwent ordeals similar to the Orthodox churches in other parts: thousands of monks were persecuted, and hundreds of churches, synagogues, mosques, temples, sacred monuments, monasteries and other religious buildings were razed.
Stalin, as head of the Politburo, consolidated near-absolute power in the 1930s with a Great Purge of the party, justified as an attempt to expel 'opportunists' and 'counter-revolutionary infiltrators'. Those targeted by the purge were often expelled from the party, however more severe measures ranged from banishment to the Gulag labor camps, to execution after trials held by NKVD troikas.
There are two different views on the background of Kirov's murder. According to the first, Stalin was not involved but, fearing that he might be next in line to be assassinated, reacted by deciding to initiate purges instead of passively wait. According to the second, Stalin saw Kirov as a dangerous potential competitor for the top spot in Soviet leadership, and ordered Kirov's killing himself.
Most notably in the case of alleged Nazi collaborator Tukhachevsky, many military leaders were convicted of treason. The large scale purging of the officers of the Red Army cost the Soviet Union dearly during the German invasion of 22 June 1941, and its aftermath.[note 3]
No segment of society was left untouched during the purges. Article 58 of the legal code, listing prohibited 'anti-Soviet activities', was applied in the broadest manner. Initially, the execution lists for the enemies of the people were confirmed by the Politburo.
In parallel with the purges, efforts were made to rewrite the history in Soviet textbooks and other propaganda materials. Notable people executed by NKVD were removed from the texts and photographs as though they never existed. Gradually, the history of revolution was transformed to a story about just two key characters: Lenin and Stalin.
In light of revelations from the Soviet archives, historians now estimate that nearly 700,000 people were executed in the course of the terror, [36] with the great mass of victims being ordinary peasants and workers.[37]
It is worth noting that 2007 tours of Stalin's Museum in Gori, Georgia reference the purges only in passing. 'Sure, during the process of collectivization, some mistakes were made' is the official line at the museum. No other references to mortalities are made during the tour, and when asked about actual fatalities, the estimate of 25,000 is given.
Meeting in a prison cellShortly before, during and immediately after World War II, Stalin conducted a series of deportations on a huge scale which profoundly affected the ethnic map of the Soviet Union. It is estimated that between 1941 and 1949 nearly 3.3 million[45] were deported to Siberia and the Central Asian republics. Separatism, resistance to Soviet rule and collaboration with the invading Germans were cited as the official reasons for the deportations, rightly or wrongly. Historian Allan Bullock explains:
Please see the discussion on the talk page.(April 2008)
Debate continues, however, [50] since some historians believe the archival figures to be unreliable.[51][52] For example, some argue that the many suspects tortured to death while in 'investigative custody' were likely not counted amongst the executed.[53][5] Also, there are certain categories of victim which it is generally agreed were carelessly recorded by the Soviets — such as the victims of ethnic deportations, or of German population transfer in the aftermath of WWII.
On September 1,1939, the German invasion of Poland started World War II, and on September 17 the Red Army invaded eastern Poland and occupied the territory assigned to it by the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact.
On March 5,1940, the Soviet leadership approved an order of execution for more than 25,700 Polish 'nationalist, educators and counterrevolutionary' activists in the parts of the Ukraine and Belarus republics that had been annexed from Poland. This event has become known as the Katyn Massacre.[63]
In the diary of General Fedor von Boch, it is also mentioned that the Abwehr fully expected a Soviet attack against German forces in Poland no later than 1942. Such speculations are difficult to substantiate, however, as information on the Soviet Army from 1939 to 1941 remains classified, but it is known that the Soviets had received some warnings of the German invasion through their foreign intelligence agents, such as Richard Sorge.
The Germans initially made huge advances, capturing and killing millions of Soviet troops. The Soviet Red Army put up fierce resistance during the war's early stages. Even so, they were plagued by an ineffective defense doctrine against the well-trained and experienced German forces, despite quite modern equipment, such as first heavy tank in the world, the KV-1.
'Marshal Stalin as a negotiator was the toughest proposition of all. Indeed, after something like thirty years' experience of international conferences of one kind and another, if I had to pick a team for going into a conference room, Stalin would be my first choice. Of course the man was ruthless and of course he knew his purpose. He never wasted a word. He never stormed, he was seldom even irritated.'[68]
His shortcomings as strategist are frequently noted regarding massive Soviet loss of life and early Soviet defeats. An example of it is the summer offensive of 1942, which led to even more losses by the Red Army and recapture of initiative by the Germans. Stalin eventually recognized his lack of know-how and relied on his professional generals to conduct the war.
In the war's opening stages, the retreating Red Army also sought to deny resources to the enemy through a scorched earth policy of destroying the infrastructure and food supplies of areas before the Germans could seize them. This, along with abuse by German troops, caused starvation and suffering among the civilian population that were left behind.
He had hoped that the American withdrawal and demobilization would lead to increased communist influence, especially in Europe. Each side might view the other's defensive actions as destabilizing provocations and these security dilemmas frayed relations between the Soviet Union and its former World War II western allies and led to a prolonged period of tension and distrust between East and West known as the Cold War (see also Iron curtain) .
The Red Army ended World War II occupying much of the territory that had been formerly held by the Axis countries:
Diplomatic relations reached a high point with the signing of the 1950 Sino-Soviet Treaty of Friendship and Alliance. Both countries provided military support to a new friendly state in North Korea. After various border conflicts, war broke out with U.S.-allied South Korea in 1950, starting the Korean War.
Stalin originally supported the creation of Israel in 1948. The USSR was one of the first nations to recognize the new country.[71] Golda Meir came to Moscow as the first Israeli Ambassador to the USSR that year. But he later changed his mind and came out against Israel.
In Stalin's last year of life, one of his last major foreign policy initiatives was the 1952 Stalin Note for German reunification and Superpower disengagement from Central Europe, but Britain, France, and the United States viewed this with suspicion and rejected the offer.
Stalin's Collected Works (in 13 volumes) was released in 1949. A subsequent 16 volume American Edition appeared, in which one volume consisted of the book 'History of the CPSU(B) Short Course', although when released in 1938 this book was credited to a commission of the Central Committee.
Stalin and his supporters have highlighted the notion that socialism can be built and consolidated by a country as underdeveloped as Russia during the 1920s. Indeed this might be the only means in which it could be built in a hostile environment.[72]
In 2003, a joint group of Russian and American historians announced their view that Stalin ingested warfarin, a powerful rat poison that inhibits coagulation of the blood and so predisposes the victim to hemorrhagic stroke (cerebral hemorrhage) . Since it is flavorless, warfarin is a plausible weapon of murder. The facts surrounding Stalin's death will probably never be known with certainty.[73]
Stalin with his children: Vasiliy and Svetlana.His son finally shot himself because of Stalin's harshness toward him, but survived. After this, Stalin said 'He can't even shoot straight'. Yakov served in the Red Army during World War II and was captured by the Germans. They offered to exchange him for Field Marshal Friedrich Paulus, who had surrendered after Stalingrad, but Stalin turned the offer down, allegedly saying 'A lieutenant is not worth a general'; others credit him with saying 'I have no son, ' to this offer. Afterwards, Yakov is said to have committed suicide, running into an electric fence[74] in Sachsenhausen concentration camp, where he was being held.[75]
Stalin and Nadezhda Alliluyeva.Vasiliy rose through the ranks of the Soviet air force, officially dying of alcoholism in 1962; however, this is still in question. He distinguished himself in World War II as a capable airman. Svetlana emigrated to the United States in 1967.
Stalin's beliefs are complicated and sometimes contradictory. He received his education at the Theological Seminary at Tbilisi, where his mother sent him to become a priest, but he became a closet atheist.[78]
During the Second World War Stalin reopened the Churches. One reason could have been to motivate the majority of the population who had Christian beliefs. The reasoning behind this is that by changing the official policy of the party and the state towards religion, the Church and its clergymen could be to his disposal in mobilizing the war effort.
Stalin became the focus of a body of literature encompassing poetry as well as music, paintings and film. Artists and writers vied with each other in fawning devotion, crediting Stalin with almost god-like qualities, and suggesting he single-handedly won the Second World War.
Comrades! I want to propose a toast to our patriarch, life and sun, liberator of nations, architect of socialism [he rattled off all the appellations applied to him in those days] — Joseph Vissarionovich Stalin, and I hope this is the first and last speech made to that genius this evening.[83]
Stalin's immediate successors preserved major elements of his rule, including the political monopoly of the Communist Party's presiding over a command economy and a security service able to suppress dissent. The large-scale purges of Stalin's era were never repeated, but political repression continued, albeit on a lesser scale.
For a long time the date of birth of Stalin was falsified.[1]
There are a number of hypotheses and popular rumors about the 'real' father of Stalin; [citation needed] also see 'Death' section for hypotheses about the causes of Stalin's death.
We shall never know who forged the word
we shall never know in what age it came to mean
and time has charged her with eternity.
And to think that she wouldn't exist
This is a great poem, and sums up beautifully man's spirit in the face of his mortality! (Report) Reply

It is really amazing how complex these games are now.
You need a certain motivation for it.
Even after 3 years, this still looks great.
Amazing! Would like to see more like that.
Keep the momentum of the good work folks!
Well there you go. I was just cleaning up my bookmarks when i came to IXEG, and thought to myself, well there is another dead project. But I idly clicked on it to check on the death and Lo and Behold you folks are still going. I wondered why FJS were doing a 73-200 instead of the 3, and know I know.
C'mon guys. Throw us a bone on a release date. How about at least some weekly progress reports. The wait is killing me!!
Any update on when it will be released?
WOW WOW WOW, Those textures! I can't sleep at night thinking about this magic toy.
Cannot wait till it's out of the factory...don't rush it, take your time.
Big thumbs up for the whole team!
This however looks just fantastic, and a huge thanks for these videos. It has been a JOY to look at them because of the professionalism of the presenter.
I'm very much looking forward to get this one in my hangar and start flying XP10 as the platform gives us so much more than FSX.
Thanks for the effort to get us FSX old timers over to XP and one question, do you have a alert system for when this is available? When it is released I don't want to waste even minutes waiting.
It will be superawesome, can't wait :)

This set was super easy to put together. I admit, my husband was in charge of this construction project, but it still only took him about 10 minutes to assemble. Mason stood by his side the whole time playing with his new Lightning McQueen car, waiting to send it launching through the air. Once assembled, it was so easy to start racing the cars.
It is appropriate for children ages 4 and up and retails for about $ 29.99.
Thanks to Mattel for providing the item above in order to facilitate this review. All opinions are 100% mine.
It seems that during the summer months the bananas in my house seem to ripen twice as quickly. I hate to waste any food, which is hard with a toddler anyway. Yesterday I had a small bunch of bananas that I knew no one would eat. So my choices were a smoothie or banana bread. I chose banana bread since I haven't made it in forever and I needed a new recipe anyway.
I found a GREAT recipe on simplyrecipes.com. It was simple and it uses ingredients I readily keep in the house anyway. There is also no need for a mixer. I like spoon mixed batters best.
I didn't get a chance to take a picture of the finished result since my family ate it all up. Give it a try and you will see how fast it goes too.
Cook time: 1 hour ***(My bread too about 1 hour 15 minutes to cook)
I love the interactiveness of this toy, yet it allowed the girls to use their imagination to create a watery world.
The Disney Princess Fountain and Bubble Boat retails for $26.99 and is recommended for ages 3 and up. It also requires 3 AA batteries, which are not included, so make sure you have them stocked up!
The Disney Princess Ariel and her Sister Doll Set retails for $14.99. It is appropriate for ages 3 and up.
Thanks to Mattel for providing the items above in order to facilitate the review. All opinions are 100% mine.

It is obviously impossible in the brief space of the present booklet to
perhaps, the most completely lovable of the great masters. It is hard,
against a tyrannical father-in-law. He created much of the world’s
Hugo Wolf. His life story is, in point of fact, vastly more complex and
the parents of a boy whom they determined to call Medardus, in honor of
affluent they were pleased at the idea of another addition to their
was carried to the local Church of Saint Mary’s there to be christened
practical purposes to have vanished.
the preacher gave him four years of high school education, then
apprenticed him to a merchant. But the lad was not cut out for business;
books were his world and in them he sought refuge from the misery of
and, even though a well-meaning book-seller tried to discourage him,
health and for the rest of his life he was never wholly a well man. Yet
the glories of authorship. When he eventually fell in love with a
was equal to the challenge. For a year and a half he wrote day and
night, saved up about $750 (a respectable sum at the time) opened a shop
in partnership with a friend in the town of Ronneberg, married
a bookshop, not to mention the direction of a prosperous business. In
1808 he moved to Zwickau where he founded the publishing house of
Byron. One of its showpieces was a so-called “Picture Gallery of the
From his father, on the other hand, he acquired virtually all of those
acquaintance. He had his way in everything and in later years this error
did not soften the lad who, at the age of six, was sent to the private
Nevertheless, he did not neglect his school work and exhibited a lively
such a poet as he himself had always aspired to be, resolved to
in short, prescription without exemplification, happy-go-lucky chance
never be sure of escaping a box on the ear and that “on one occasion
betimes the path along which, sooner or later, my good genius was to
his schoolmates. Meanwhile, he was carrying on his musical studies with
produced at home a setting of the 150th Psalm he had composed. A little
trip to Karlsbad in his father’s company. For a long time he was fired
midst. The more prominent citizens invited him to play at their homes.
much in vogue at the time. August, who had no use for half-baked
adopt a lucrative profession? The law, for instance. And so, for the
later, “an ordinary high school training, studying music on the side and
out of the fulness of his devotion”—but alone! In the broadest sense he
was to grow up like his father—self-taught.
too, in his choice of friends, of whom he had relatively few. One who
stood closest to him was his sister-in-law, Therese, the wife of his
songs and became familiar with a good deal of other music, including
Paul manner: “I feel now for the first time the pure, the highest love,
Shortly after his father’s death he had suffered two cases of calf
“narrow-hearted souls”, ignorant of the Utopia in which he lived.
was his favorite beverage, even as it was of his great contemporary,
they had the price of it or not. And Robert in his student days only too
Schumann’s “worst failing” was: “He had no sense of the value of money
Wagner, he seems to have been a virtuoso in the art of writing begging
of a sort to embrace jurisprudence. And so, at Easter, 1828, we find him
quickly formed a plan to accompany his friend on his journey, with a few
conversation with the poet. Possibly if the latter had been able to
foresee that the youth before him would become, some years later, one of
him with more warmth than he did.
few weeks he wrote to his mother telling, among other things, that “cold
cannot study.... Yet there is no other way. I must tackle jurisprudence,
however cold, however dry it may be.... All will go well and I won’t
do not falter”. Actually, Robert’s mind was made up from the start. He
would continue with the law only as long as he had to. Before renouncing
“patriotism”. For a while Robert was a member of some of the
associates as much as he could. In one respect, however, he resembled
days in Leipzig was not large, though he was very happy to find his old
distinction at the time; and two people who, almost more than any
others, were destined to play crucial roles in his life—the piano
then, to a dinner of roast mutton and string beans. He aspired to become
He was something of a traveler and had been to Vienna, where he met
Woldemar, who later made a name for himself as a composer.
Though a hard-boiled martinet and, as time went on, a tyrant of the
he was a good teacher, for all his irascible, disputatious ways and his
pupil. Yet he had others, notably his daughter by his second marriage,
students listen to great singers as much as possible and even learn to
the overwhelming impression in much the same manner as his contemporary,
conceived several works which were to become part of the foundations of
imaginatively later on. That is to say it is based on the note
could not go on forever. On July 30, 1830, Robert took the bull by the
problem from every angle he urged the good woman to yield to her son’s
always return to his legal studies.
become a great pianist, yet he wanted a short cut to that goal. The idea
that has befallen me. This is the reason of a journey to Dresden which I
doctor and also for distraction I must do a good deal of work as well
apothecary’s shop”. For years to come letters to one person or another
right hand that for purposes of a public career it was as good as
glory to which he aspired was nipped in the bud.
it are, directly or indirectly, the products of his self-made physical
musician it had to be in a creative sense.
Under the circumstances he would require a fuller training than he had
then off on a concert tour: “I shall never be able to amalgamate with
“his first marriage with the wide world” made him feel as proud as the
parlor tricks he knew how to provide on the spur of the moment for the
bound, sooner or later, to find artistic expression and lovely
[Illustration: The first sketch for The Happy Farmer, from the “Album
in mind, however, that Clara was then only about 12 and, however
theory and composition. But it was only after she had been in Paris in
other great personages of the day that she matured into a young woman
bear in mind that his early work, which comprises some of his greatest,
after a fashion, recalls it to our attention. But it would be erroneous
greatest influence on me in my early days”.
Let us at this point enumerate a few of the men and women who were
different ways. Among one of the first names we encounter are those of
one thing; and, for another, it was on her account that he utilized in a
and B) are combinations which constitute the basis of numerous pieces in
These individuals were, for the most part, Davidsbündler. Let us briefly
century. Part of the time he was its acting editor and in any case
contributions. Possibly the most famous of these was the jubilant
is the article entitled “An Opus 2”, which begins with the excited
that have become something like a household expression: “Hats off,
and including that pathetic cry: “How I should like to be at the side of
the young eagle in his flight over the world!”
were gathering dust. One of those which he was able to rescue from
But we are anticipating! What should concern us now is the courtship of
this, if for no other reason, the soul struggle was a cloud lined with
shining silver. Almost all the piano works of the composer’s early
world—are in one way or another the fruits of his love.
Schumann’s mother had said to her: “Some day you must marry my Robert”.
Clara never forgot the remark which seemed to be dictated by a kind of
love”; and he added: “Ernestine had to come on the scene the better to
unite us”. But at this stage Clara’s father gave her little time for
she returned home from one of the longest of these absences, Robert was
Not till she had gone off on another tour was he a little more explicit.
In a letter he wrote her from Zwickau he said: “Through all the joys and
know how dear you are to me”. Even at that there was no question on
I saw them arm in arm, floating rather than walking—Eusebius”!
with her father, Robert called to say farewell for some weeks. At the
took her in his arms. The lightning had struck. “When you gave me the
show you the way”. He went over to Zwickau to hear her. She kissed him
and yet she is mine alone. She knows I am here but must pretend to be
unaware of me. You cannot give me so much as one look, you, Clara, in
For a short time they kept their secret, but Wieck was not long in
ferreting out the truth. And now began a conflict which might easily
have wrecked the happiness, not to say the lives, of any two sensitive
claimed—perhaps not wholly without reason—that he was fully aware of the
he became afflicted with a fear of insanity which was to grow on him
and, in the end, to destroy him. Moreover, Wieck, though he prized
his house, then circulated rumors that his daughter had fallen in love
with that friend of Robert’s. On one of her visits to Vienna with her
success might bring her independence, was horrified to learn that her
father washed his hands of the whole scheme and bade her go alone,
she could. It was a harrowing experience, for the first thing she did
there as she had expected. Having inherited not a little of her father’s
broadened her experience in many ways, even to the extent of learning to
singer, Pauline Garcia, which was to endure for a lifetime.
she had been acting under duress.
realized that the only solution of their difficulties lay in a legal
handed down in favor of the sorely tried couple and their marriage
week later (and a day before Clara’s twenty-first birthday), they were
returned from church next morning Clara wrote in her diary: “A period of
The period through which we have passed witnessed the birth of many of
Mendelssohn, to the end of his days, had virtually nothing to say on the
“dreamed with the pedal down”. By the same token it was the fluency,
achieved in one of the most extraordinary pages of the “Carnival”.
“Carnival” he exclaimed that it was one of the greatest pieces of music
but as time went on a coolness developed between the two masters, which
led to at least one highly embarrassing scene when, on a certain
quite as he had done earlier. But the friendship had been troubled and,
Yet in the early days of their married life things were on the whole,
written nearly 27 pages of music, of which I can tell you no more than
that I laughed and cried for joy of it.... All this music nearly kills
songs! Too long have I been a stranger to it”. And a little later: “I
have again composed so much that it sometimes seems quite uncanny. Oh, I
can’t help it, I should like to sing myself to death like a nightingale.
infallibility and that is my fault and cannot be helped.... Well, that
is the way of artist marriages—one cannot have everything at once.”
important conductor position. She would like to have seen him in such a
had raised to such a level of distinction. “Don’t be too ambitious for
me”, gently chided Robert, who realized that he was not cut out for a
a pianoforte and you near me”, he had said not long after they were
on a concert tour to Russia and finally ceased in the autumn when he
suffered a severe nervous breakdown which led to his removal to Dresden.
Some months earlier he had renounced the editorship of the
it. I should like to live entirely for composition”. Shortly afterwards
she feared he would not survive the journey to the Harz mountains and to
gave himself up completely”. The change of scene and society helped him,
they moved in the last days of 1844.
year”, though this should not be taken as meaning that his creations at
this time were limited to a few works in these genres exclusively. First
came two other large-scale works—the so-called “Overture, Scherzo and
Phantasie in A minor, for orchestra and piano, which was to become the
the greatest of its kind in existence!
wildly in the distance, I know that another work is being created in the
as a birthday gift the score of the D minor Symphony. It was not to see
the finishing touches on it his thoughts began to be occupied with the
and he opined that “perhaps something fine can be made out of it for
music”. He was right, though the beautiful oratorio—one of the finest
composer described it as “an oratorio for cheerful people, not for the
In the spring of 1842 Robert and Clara had been occupied with the study
wrote to the publisher, Haertel: “During the summer months I worked with
Op. 41. For one thing, they contain some of the most unusual effects of
syncopated rhythm to be found in the entire range of Schumann’s
the so-called Phantasiestücke, for piano, violin and cello, Op. 88, none
of them, however, rising above the level of the Quintet.
growing family. The town was a center of art and literature. Painters,
was, of course, a mediocrity of the sorriest kind. Hiller, on the other
should have made them fellow fighters in the cause of musical progress.
one could get nowhere with a person who refused to open his mouth;
never allowed one the opportunity to say a word. Moreover, Wagner’s
form. Not long afterwards he went to hear the work and took back much of
what he had said, declaring that the impression created by a stage
performance was very different and that, though the score did not
deeply moved by much of it; and he praised the technical effects and
could not write four consecutive bars of “correct” music, that he was,
all in all, a “bad musician”. From the viewpoint of his own art Robert
the subject of the swan knight, which he had half a mind to utilize for
period saw the creation of some of his greatest works—the completion in
1845, of the A minor Piano Concerto, by the addition of the Intermezzo
Limitations of space forbid us to consider in any detail works like the
she was carrying in a strange-looking packing. “Something to tempt my
Maxen was spoiled by the view from one of the windows of a lunatic
revolutionary uprising in May, 1849, they found it necessary to flee
sounds of shooting in the distance. Then, without waiting to rest or
for a little freedom!” she confided in her diary. “When will the time
come when all men will have equal justice? How is it possible that the
had never shown itself in the least inclined to give the illustrious
Nevertheless, they decided in its favor.
garden they were lodged in the best (and most expensive!) hotel. The
the Düsseldorf period was the beginning of the end. It quickly became
masses. He could think of no better methods of correcting a defect of
and over, without ever making plain to them what he wanted. The
the scheme of fastening it to his wrist with a piece of string! “There,
the alertness, concentration, presence of mind, “even the ability to
not say: “Ladies and gentlemen, our next rehearsal will be tomorrow at
seven”, without breaking down once or twice. In another case a certain
restaurant, order a glass of wine or beer and leave without attempting
amounted to a charge account and sent the bills to Clara.
for the Symphony in E flat, the so-called “Rhenish”, published as the
always a hallmark of the composer’s style.
reputation. As a matter of fact the concerto, which is typical late
style” the words: “This is he who should come”. And only a few days
that has flown so suddenly and unexpectedly from the hills to
that famous essay, “New Paths”, published on Oct. 28, 1853, in the _Neue
clasped behind him he was a familiar figure as he wandered in a kind of
with torments. On Feb. 26, 1854, he rose in a state of terrible
melancholy, begged to be sent to an asylum and began to pack up the
things he wished to take with him. Clara, wishing to speak to their
friend and physician, Dr. Hasenclever, left the room for a moment.
composed a few variations on the theme he claimed to have received from
still wanted to see her husband alive”. With Brahms, who for nearly two
devotion, she went to the sanatorium, saw Robert and believed that,
though he seemed to converse with spirits, he recognized and welcomed
her after the long separation. On July 29, 1856, he was, in Clara’s
words “to be freed from his troubles; at four in the afternoon he passed
unnoticed—nobody was with him at the moment. I saw him half an hour
years later, on Whit-Sunday, 1896, she was reunited with him in the same
tomb, in the presence of her surviving children and a few friends, chief
Orchestra again proved to be an “unforgettable demonstration of the

The World's 1st litter of Miniature Goldendoodles were born at our kennel on January 11, 2002 to our wonderful Golden Retriever Honey (on right) We specialize in Miniature and Medium size doodles.
We are a small hobby breeder located near Kokomo, Indiana. Our dogs are members of the family, and live inside with us, with access to our two acre yard to play, and a creek to swim in.

People's Republic Of The Congo: World Health Organisation Conference Ends. (1971)
Various: World Health Organisation Celebrates 25 Successful Years. (1973)

“Project Naming enables Indigenous peoples to engage in the identification of photographs from Library and Archives Canada.
LAC hopes that members of the public will share their knowledge. If you know the names of people depicted in our photographs or have information about an activity, event or place, LAC would love to hear from you.
The majority of individuals depicted in the images in LAC’s collections were never identified. Many archival descriptions relating to events or activities are absent or have dated information (e.g. place names, band names or terminology). Or information is based on original inscriptions and captions found on the records, and hence reflects the biases and attitudes of non-Aboriginal society at the time.” (more info here)
All sessions are FREE and everyone is welcome to attend.

You can install addons easily with a single click, and updating it doesn't take more than that either. See More
Concrete5’s editor is very user friendly and allows for inline WYSIWYG editing directly on the web page itself. This isn’t limited to content alone and can be used for editing the page’s layout, which makes it a huge plus for customising and managing the site, especially if the user is a layperson. See More
Concrete5 shines when you need something quick — because of the way the editor works, you can get up and running really quickly and build a full website in a short amount of time. See More
Since it's not opinionated it's also quite easy to learn. See More
A good collection of first party and third party modules (nearly all free) for adding a variety of functionality
You can optionally use Composer but you are not forced to. Upgrading can be done via the admin and it is a very easy process. Security is exceptional, no hacking incidents have been reported so far. See More
The API makes it very easy to get any data from the backend and output it however you like. See More
There is extensive Documentation both on http://processwire.com/api/ref/ as well as http://cheatsheet.processwire.com. See More
It means that you have complete control over every single aspect of WordPress. You can change anything to fit your needs. See More
There are plenty of plugins available to extend the functionalities of WordPress. See More
True, there may be some plugin for every functionality you require. However if you take a more detailed look at those plugins they are either outdated, made by some hobby programmer (i.e. no in-depth testing, no security audits, no code reviews, hacky, unmaintainable) in their spare time (and don't get me wrong: I adore everyone giving something to the community; but many of these plugins are just unusable for serious business), incomplete (regarding multi-language capability, an author of a famous Wordpress form builder plugin responded something like: "Well, maybe sometime"; seriously, man?), insecure (e.g. recently there was a serious flaw as a buggy plugin is used by many themes) or often need much hacking to finally get the correct functionality that YOU need currently. See More
If you want to force your users to enter information in a field based way you need an extension such as Advanced Custom Fields. See More
According to some statistics, WP powers a fifth of the Internet. It means that there are resources for everything. There's excellent community support and a plethora of plugins and customization options. See More
Partly because it is one of the most popular CMSs there are people actively finding security holes. Even though these holes are plugged by Wordpress regularly if you do not update your system regularly you may end up being hacked. There is also no easy way to rename access to the admin area so you will get bots trying to hack your site regularly. See More
If you have a low end server or lots of traffic it can be hard to get good speed. There are numerous plugin options for caching but most will only work with simple blog like pages and can be tricky to get working. See More
The templating system is highly restrictive. All your body content for a page (technically a post) comes out from one variable, and is spat directly onto the page. If you want to pull that content out into chunks? Tough sh*t. You have to use plugins to make it work correctly. See More
WordPress offers free hosting under a wordpress.com subdomain. This option eliminates the need for setting up the CMS yourself and is reasonably secure, as WP uses multiple servers to back your site up. Additionally, for a fee, you can even set up your own custom domain name. See More
WP has grown past being just a blogging platform and as such it's not as lightweight as it used to be. It's also considerably more complex due to many more customization options compared to other solutions. See More
If you don't like a part of a template, such as its position or if it's shown or not, the only way to change it is to change the template file by hand. See More
Drupal is stable, with powerful version control and access control methods and can handle large amounts of traffic. See More
Drupal was designed from the beginning to follow best practices in regards to SEO. See More
Drupal can be customized to do almost anything. It was built ground up with the intent of using a wide variety of small modules to get the exact result wanted instead of just the most common solutions. See More
Starting with Drupal 8, there's built-in multi-lingual support. See More
Responsive front-end and back-end
Drupal 8 follows responsive design philosophy out of the box, both front-end and back-end. See More
Using Joomla! for more than 10 years for lots of different websites. See More
There are more than 8000 extensions available. See More
Whatever you need it to do it gracefully bends to accommodate you. The admin is very well organized and anyone can get up to speed with it in short order. See More
You need patience to Learn Typo3 - it is not an install-and-go system. But it's worth it. See More
You can use both one-tree and multi-tree structure. See More
If you code following the guidelines, you get a very secure site. See More
TYPO3 can be used from small to very big installations where it is possible to give rights to users on a very fine grained basis. See More
There is a Free Personal version, but if you want multiple accounts or multilanguage you need a license. See More

These lashes are amazing!! They are very well priced and last! Easy to apply and look HOT!
The lashes are very good quality, soft and comfortable and don't have a plastic sheen that some fake eyelashes do. Can compare with the ardell lashes, but a much cheaper price.
They Last For A Pretty Long Time
they last for a pretty long time if you take care of them properly. And they're good for nights out or even to wear everyday!
Love these lashes, so easy to put on and they look great!
Red Cherry has my absolute favorite lashes! The #43 are my top favorite lashes, I wear them all the time. I also wear each pair of lashes multiple times. They are very nice, natural, and easy to apply. I could go every day wearing this brand of eye lashes!
My first pair of fake lashes and LOVE THEM!! Perfect for special occasions or daily use, personally, I'd rather use falsies for special occasions but these are light weight yet still give the perfect amount of volume and length for any occasion :)
The Best Lashes At Affordable Prices.

I always start with the chorus first and then work around that. The progression is key!
getting to hear our songs on the radio.
I've tripped a fair amount of times and almost ended up flat on my face. Nothing too bad just yet. *crosses fingers*
We were in Houston, Texas and a fan was blasting it when it came on outside the venue.
you aren't guaranteed another day or a second chance, so make it count!
I'm not sure honestly.....there’s never been another option.
I'm absolutely terrified of alligators and crocodiles. Nothing on Earth is more frightening.
take your time; focus on your rhythm, playing and timing; and HAVE FUN!
the lack of sleep or time away from family and my girlfriend.
What I like to do in my "off" time:
Sleep like 15 hours and then dive into work.
Wal-mart......it was super whack, but it taught me to value earning a living.
Sleeeeep because we have a long drive.
My phone. Gotta stay in touch with the lady and the 'rents.
Keep growing as a person and a musician, and see where this ride takes us.
An escape from any and all bad things. Literally saved my life.
The one musician I would love to work with that I have not yet had the chance would be:
When it's all said and done, I want the world to remember me for:

Read the eBook The parliamentary debates from the year 1803 to the present time by Great Britain. Parliament online for free (page 78 of 100)
The parliamentary debates from the year 1803 to the present time online
Online Library → Great Britain. Parliament → The parliamentary debates from the year 1803 to the present time → online text (page 78 of 100)
under the control of the Maximalists. The Americans are uninjured.
Sir: I have the honor to report as follows with reference to the
It is difficult to say how large the enemy forces were which were
representatives left, but they were believed to be considerably larger
but that some of these forces had approached to within fifty or sixty
twenty-five or thirty miles. It was estimated, on good authority,
very much involved. It will be remembered that the Rada govern-
ment, just a few hours before it was driven out of Kiev by the
establishing order in the country. Such a plan had long been
should all remain at home where there would be nothing to fear.
As has been hinted at in these reports before, it has now become
forces, these leaders are simply carrying out their original plan.
The Rada government has tried to impress the people with the
as a whole, were in favor of complete independence. What they really
ment agreed to allow them to have large supplies of grain, fats, etc.,
implements, agricultural machinery, hardware, etc. There was no
right to police the Ukraine, but it was thought at the time that a
secret arrangement to that effect had been made. There is now no
doubt but that it has been done.
there were all sorts of rumors about the position of the Bolshevik
authorities with regard to the French and British missions. There
had taken part in the fighting on the side of the Ukrainians. This
later proved to be false. It was difficult to learn just what passed
am inclined to believe they were pleasant enough on the surface. The
necessary to say this, in view of the fact that it had been known for
some time before the Rada fell that it was about to conclude a
and wishes of the Allies. In this connection it is interesting to note
with Great Britain that was a question he would have to know.
with the Bolshevik commander in chief, but that so far as he knew
impossible to say whether he intended it to convey any hidden
meaning or not. It was probably a mere pleasantry.
With regard to the benefits the Central powers will derive from
their occupation of the Ukraine, it must be admitted that this is
the richest agricultural district in Russia. It is a large territory,
points and partly in the hands of the peasants. Most of the sugar
is assembled at the factories and refineries. There is an arsenal at
has been engaged in the manufacture of ammunition. There are
no other factories of importance, except those for the making and
refining of sugar. There is no coal in the Ukraine and the wood
supply is limited. Coal will have to be brought in from Germany
In order to profit by the rich grain supplies in the Ukraine, it will
be necessary for the Central powers to bring about some order in the
doing this, but it can undoubtedly be accomplished in the course
of a month or two. The next step will be to reorganize agriculture
with a view to inducing the peasants to till their lands for the
coming year. This will be more difficult, it is thought, because the
Besides, they are imbued with the idea of distributing the lands
there will be disorders and discontent. A large part of the sugar
sugar estates, though they have been seized by the peasants upon
the American Consul was unable to make a detailed report of the
witnessed during the closing hours of the battle. It is estimated
were killed, but these figures may be too low.
is estimated that 300 or 400 officers were shot down on the streets
or taken to a park near the former residence of the governor, where
they were killed. Many well-dressed civilians were also reported to
have been shot down, but this is not confirmed. The Bolshevik
to have made little effort to find out whether the officers had actually
taken part in the fighting or not. They were simply shot or clubbed
with rifle butts. Later, however, as order began to be established,
People of means ceased to appear on the streets in good clothing.
Furs were discarded to a great extent and many well-bred women
could be shown that they had had some connection with the former
government, and many robbers were summarily executed.
It is impossible to give any reliable estimate of the damage done
by shell fire, and several were burned. The house in which the
greatest around the arsenal, at the railway station, and in the center
of the city, known as the "old town." At the latter point the
also much suffering when the water supply was cut off for two days.
This shortage of food and water forced many people to go into the
streets in search of supplies, even while the shelling was going on.
were hundreds of women and children. After the fighting the food
situation gradually improved, but there was still a serious shortage
up to the time the Consul left the city. The authorities were trying
to force prices down, with the result that the peasants were bringing
much delayed, is still further postponed, it would soon run the risk
appearance of a friendly aid for the reestablishment of a united and
be pushed as far as the vital interests of the Allied powers demand.
The Ambassador in France (Sharp) to the Secretary of State
concerning the policy to be followed in Russia. The Austrians,
seem to be preparing to abandon for a greater objective the
it out of all proportion. Meanwhile they are employing, in the
with some difficulties, as the peasants who are disbanded soldiers
ing friendly relations with a view to the future, will soon cause a
reaction of a nature to facilitate the intervention of the Allied
powers. The latter should be prepared so as to produce these
especially at Odessa, is as follows :
(1) UKrainia is completely cut off from all communication with
culation; (4) orders have been given to arrest all officers of the
[measures] will have to be taken for its security which might lead
immediately to notify us that request been complied with.
life, aggravate social-political conditions, and render impossible
military authorities in social-political life of Ukraine.
one failing to do his part of the spring work must be prepared to
read the ebook The parliamentary debates from the year 1803 to the present time

Cheesin’ hard because 5K is less than 2 weeks away!! Sign up, sign up! [...
Cheesin’ hard because 5K is less than 2 weeks away!! Sign up, sign up! [link in bio]
TODAY! 100% of the proceeds going toward breast cancer education and...
The countdown is on! Two days, 2 days, TWO DAYS, and these girls are ready to...
The countdown is on! Two days, 2 days, TWO DAYS, and these girls are ready to bring it!!! #choochoo #PMRTME
Happy Easter!! Hope everyone has a hoppin’ day!
Wishing everyone a sunny and happy Easter weekend!
Rain, rain, go away Please bring back sunny days

Continental Congress reconvened on July 1, and the following day 12 of the 13 colonies adopted Lees resolution for independence. A member of a five-man committee that also
consultancy business as his work with Tumblr was interfering with his client work. 2 4 15 Tumblr was launched in February 2007 14 and within two weeks, the service
associated with it yet. Recursion, the above examples of sorting and searching have a striking property: to solve a problem of size n, we have to break it in...
foreign inputs fully and effectively in their domestic R D programs. Empirical evidence shows that there has been a significant decline in male agricultural work from 62. One of...
deal with the security threats in Europe requires countries to act in concert and not independently. This corresponds to 15 of the country&apos;s GDP. For this reason, this might...
negate what was known before or cause a shift in the general perception of the issue. Must Read: Social Media Essay Effect Of Social Media on Individuals Society....
hold prominent positions in society and in the workforce, said another. Macdonalds name, lets use his namesake schools and all schools to teach the good, the bad, and...
responsible for the recent increase in the earths temperature. His main work has been as a hired gun for business interests to undermine scientific research on environmental and ...
I need to write a paper on globalization and electronics
expert help you will ever require regarding your research paper on globalization can be provided at a low price. Starting an essay can be problematic, and this explains why...
the concept of working across boundaries has become a popular concept. It was Heracleous 1 who pointed out in 2004 that both organisations and the environments they function in...

1) You’ve written the screenplay to Man of Steel, plus collaborated with Christopher Nolan on the story. Can you tell us how writing for film is different to writing a graphic novel or novel, thinking of your Heaven science fictional novels?
2) Writing for film seems very collaborative and you’ve also co-written your novels with Michael Cassutt. It must be fun to play with those big ideas when working with others, but how does collaboration differ when comparing film work and books?
3) What do you feel appeals to people when thinking about the enduring appeal of Superman stories and space exploration, as in your books?
4) The dramatic last book in your trilogy, Heaven’s Fall, is out in August for you and Michael Cassutt. How does it feel to conclude this epic adventure? Does this closure feel any different to you compared to the aftermath of a big film release?
5) You’ve written or co-written huge projects such as the Batman films, Blade and the TV series Flash Forward to name just few. So what is next for you in film or TV?
In terms of television, we're currently shooting the second season of Da Vinci's Demons. I'm also developing two new cable series, which may go into production next year. One of them is an adaption of the Vertigo comic book, 100 Bullets. In terms of film, we're still working on the adaptation ofHeaven's Shadow. And now that Man of Steel has been released, we are in preliminary discussions about future DC movies.
6) If you had your choice on who would play the top three roles in your Heaven books, on the big screen, who would you choose?

Recently I took a long trip seeing the world. After coming back, I see some strict comments about my posts.
So, all the thing that I did is just for fun, it's like you're sharing some interesting things on Facebook. I didn't get permission from author, however I will put it down whenever he ask me to do that. I'm not stealing, if you've read other comic books before, you'll see what I mean.
Finally, I will continue to translate and post new comics to you guys, if you would like to see the Korean version first, please visit this blog: http://comic.naver.com/webtoon/detail.nhn?titleId=316914&no=102
Great, keep up the good work. :) Thank you and happy holidays!
I've seen this book in Korean before but I couldn't understand nothing at all and became pretty frustrated XD So it's really nice of you to translate these into English! Thank you very much! *v*
well you never said these comics are yours right. so,it seems legit to me. as a parody i guess? ahaha keep up the good work,translating it for us. :D
thank you for putting a lot of effort into translating these comics!! You are awesome!!! I always look forward to them^^ Anyways, happy holidays(;
waiting for the new comics~~ >_<
Thank you very much for your translating. Your job is very helpful to help lots of people who do not know Korean to understand the interesting blood-type comic. Happy New Year
Can't wait for your comics! I really enjoy reading them! Happy New Year! ^^
yeah... thx a lot man... can't read it without your hel. Really appreciate what you've done :D
thank you so much for translating them ! X'D
thank you for translating!!! i dont understand korean language.. please keep translating and i appreciate it a lot!
just wanna say thanks a lot, and I'll be sharing these comic on indonesian forum, indowebster..
Thank you soooooo much for your effort in translating these comics!
I love this blood type comics so much....
waiting for the new comic... i can't wait..
the real author works hard for these, just write his name to show ur respect.
thanks for translating the comic. I love it too but don't understand Korean.
I've visited the page you shown, and saw many interesting comics there. I wish, I could understand the language.
You can translate them anytime, anytime you have time.
Oh, sure. I will translate it in short future. Just wait'n'see :) . By the way, thank you very much for supporting me!
Scholars Sharing Booth April 12, 2013 at 11:08 PM
Me and my friends, loved this series.
we're a bunch of people who liked anime, comics, games, etc but they're usually in Japanese, and we learn Japanese so we could enjoy them easier.
but Korean is really out of my reach, my knowledge about it is completely zero.
so I really appreciate your work and let us enjoy this series.
Thank you very much! I will continue this exciting job! :)
At least it is precisely what people laughed and said.
Thank you very much , i really like this comic .waiting for new chapters , keep working hard!!♥
like Alka Seltzer does, and also you already put it to use at your house, right?
working hard in support of his site, for the reason that here every
software, all are functioning fine.
I have a grinding noise that is keeping me from printing anything from the Cyan toner.
Hey there, You've done an excellent job. I will definitely digg it and for my part recommend to my friends. I'm confident they
Thank you very much for sharing with us this comic.i really like it.keep working hard. ★★★★★

– Welcome to my personal weblog, in this time I will explain to you about Home Depot Outdoor Storage Barn Summer Wind
What about image above? is actually in which awesome???. if you’re more dedicated and so, I’l t demonstrate a few picture once more down below:
), simply click save button to save these pictures for your personal pc. There’re ready for transfer, if you like and want to obtain it, just click save logo on the article, and it will be instantly down loaded in your notebook computer. As a final point if you wish to obtain unique and the latest photo related with (25 Unique Home Depot Outdoor Storage Barn Summer Wind
) photos, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark section, We attempt to present you up grade regularly with all new and fresh images, like your browsing, and find the perfect for you.

MoveJust4u have 20 years of experience in the removals industry and we would love to assist you with your removal.
We have 4.5 tonne trucks ideal for smaller removals and up to a 12 tonne truck for the bigger moves.
Our fleet of vehicles can satisfy any requirement, big or small.
We send 2 friendly, professional removalists with each truck unless it has been agreed that the customer requires additional staff to assist with the move.
• No extra costs for stairs or difficult to access areas.
• The price quoted is calculated from door to door 7 days a week.
MoveJust4U employees are trained, experienced, courteous and professional. We will take the best possible care of your items to ensure your move goes as smoothly as possible.
• Secured storage facility, long or short term
We would love to assist you with your shift and sincerely hope you contact us to discuss your requirements and our costs to best achieve a trouble free moving day.
Please contact our team now to ensure that your time is reserved and guaranteed:
The below reviews have been provided by customers who have found MoveJust4U through this website and have left feedback on completion of their job.
Fantastic from start to finish, fair value service and good attitude from admin department and movers were great guys.
Thanks Fiona, great doing business with you!!
Thanks Ric, we are happy if our clients are happy!!
The move went well, no damage and well communicated. Extra truck was called in to help finish the work. Not the fastest and hardest workers though. One Fella was a newbie and a bit slow.
Thanks Martin, your feedback has been taken on board. Enjoy your new home.
Darren and the team were excellent! They were efficient in loading and unloading and truck. Not a single item in any box and any piece of furniture was damage.
Thank you for your wonderful feedback, very happy all went well!
Thank you Michael, enjoy your new life!!
Thanks Donna, enjoy your new home.
The guys were good and took care of my property. I was told the estimated job time would be 2 hours and it took 3 hours 45mins. Although happy with the service
Hi Sam, It's hard sometimes to estimate job times, there are many factors that can take it over the 2 hours, ie, stairs, bulky furniture etc. Thank you for your feedback. All the best in your new home :)
Hi Brent, Sorry to hear about your disappointment with your move with us. We have taken your feedback on board and have now included fragile/breakable items onto our cube calculator. Again, we apologise but want to ensure you that it has now been addressed. We hope you enjoy your new home :)
Thanks Richard, I hope all is well in your new home :)
They did the job however our items aren't handled with the utmost of care and both gents were first day on the job.
Hi Sarah, Sorry to hear that your items weren't handled as they should have been. We have had a huge growth in the business since we did your move last year. We have be able to supply much more training and now all our employees are experienced before doing an actual move. I hope you are enjoying your new home.
Amazing service! Communication from start to finish was excellent and the move was quick and professionally handled.
Thanks Amy for the great feedback, I will let the boys know. Enjoy your new home :)
Thanks Billy, great customers make the job easier :) All the very best.
Thanks heaps for the great feedback, we would be honored to move you again :)
The guys were great, really friendly and accommodating. Would highly recommend and use again without a second thought!
Thank you so much Michael!! Enjoy your new office and surrounds :)

This is my last weekend in the Seoul area before I move back to the countryside with my family.
Something I’ve been wanting to do for a while before I go was too see the sunrise from the top of Gwanak mountain, so last night I hiked to Yeonju-dae and spend a chilly night in my tent waiting for morning.
A thick fog came in during the night, so I wasn’t sure I would even get to see the sunrise, but it just managed to shine through.
In the top photo, if you were to follow a trail past the broadcasting towers, then up and down (or around) another small mountain, you can actually come out not far from Hanmaum Seon Center.
wow, worth the wait. what a wonderful way to end your stay there. a small symbolic act, I think. reminds me that I don’t do this kind of honouring and transitional, ceremonial thing often enough.

That's right, convenience is king, as I say. So I'm CONVERTING!! DON'T TRY and STOP ME!!!
One of the things I've been meaning to do, but haven't gotten around to, is digitizing some of my old mixtapes â€” so I can't really give any first hand advice about what to do. However, I have digitized a fair amount of old vinyl using Peak LE and SoundSoap and I think that is a much overrated software package. Bloody expensive and not very easy to use and not designed for MP3 file format.
c hristian wrote: no matter what though, bottom line is that since it is analog, you have to play things all the way through, at a regular speed. no high speed dubbing options, correct?
c hristian wrote: wait a minute wait a minute, I seem to remember a high speed dubbing option somewhere... maybe in one of the links i gave out..
Strictly speaking you could probably use this to play your cassette at double speed, record that on your PC, and then use appropraite software to halve the speed of the digital recording, to get you back to square one.
However this is a BAD idea, as the double speed playback will cause quite a bit of what's on your tape to be too high pitched to be digitised, and so you'll lose a lot of your music (especially high frequencies such as cymbals, hi-hats, etc.)

There is no treatment for severe cases of skeletal fluorosis, only efforts can be made towards reducing the disability which has occurred. However the disease is easily preventable if diagnosed early and steps are taken to prevent intake of excess of fluorosis through provision of safe drinking water, promote nutrition and avoid foods with high fluoride content.
The desirable limit of fluoride as per Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) is 1 ppm (1mg/lt) > Fluoride may be kept as low as possible as high fluoride is injurious to health.
High levels of fluoride were reported in Purulia District (MDWS) 17 Blocks accepted 20 Blocks. The population at risk as per population in habitation with high fluoride is above 1 lakhs as on 12/12/2016 data from. It affects men, women and children of all age groups.
The National Programme for Prevention and Control of Fluorosis aims to prevent and control fluorosis disease in the district Purulia.
1. The objectives of the NPPCF are as follows: to collect assess and use the baseline survey data of fluorosis of ministry of drinking water supply for starting the project.
2. Comprehensive management of fluorosis in selected areas.
3. Capacity building for prevention, diagnosis and management of fluorosis cases.
2. Capacity for laboratory testing for fluoride in urine, Blood and water to be developed.
3. Improve information base for the community and all concerned in the programme blocks.
4. Referrals from severe cases and their follow up.

Basically, the basic idea in the Tech world is to basically keep interest in big and emerging technologies that will basically disrupt our world as we basically know it.
It was quite interesting to explore the types of solutions that can be developed with the Intel RealSense camera. Here are some of the ideas that came through for the Intel RealSense camera:
Makers also completed Business Model Canvas aspects in the quest to finding and making Business Sense out of their ideas. The Intel RealSense camera is only available for developers in South Africa, we can't wait for mass-production and help Makers take their solutions to the people for socio-economic benefit.

This was a survey of statistics concerning babies who died unexpectedly. The data reveal that significantly more babies who died unexpectedly of SIDS (sudden infant death syndrome) were sleeping in a parental bed than sleeping alone in a crib.
These statistics were taken from data over a three-year period in nine states to assess where babies who died of SIDS were sleeping when found. However, this study proves nothing.
What Should You do if Your Child Gets an Ear Infection?
First, watchful waiting is a solid strategy before asking your doctor for a prescription.
The majority of kids will get better in 48-72 hours with no antibiotics necessary.
During this time, you can try the following solutions, which work remarkably well in treating acute ear infections:
• Use breast milk for ear drops. If you have access to breast milk, put a few drops of breast milk in the ear canal every few hours. This usually works to clear up the infection within 24 to 48 hours and is far safer, less expensive and a better solution than putting your child on antibiotics.
• Avoid sugars and fruit juices, which will impair your child's immune response and make them more susceptible to these types of infections.
Additionally, breastfeeding for at least six months has been linked to fewer ear infections in infants and babies.
Exposure to second-hand cigarette smoke also increases the risk of ear infections in children, so make sure your kids are kept away from cigarette smoke.
The bottom line to remember is that if your child gets an ear infection, it doesn't mean he or she needs an antibiotic.
In fact, in most cases the drugs will only do more harm than good. Before following a knee-jerk response to get a prescription as soon as your child gets an ear infection, work with a health care practitioner who will encourage you to watch the illness and let it take its course before intervening with drugs.
Remember, in the vast majority of cases, ear infections will go away on their own in two to three days with no medications necessary.

This implies that if you surround a device in another medium then you can control or alter the effective weight of the device. Thus surrounding a machine with a plasma
is to change the medium in which the machine resides. I think that this understanding is what was probably behind foo fighters. It probably lead to the understanding that
For me there is no doubt that Wheeler has given us the tools to deduce what needs to take place to create an anti-gravity system, and of those there are only two base forms. For the Alexey to work it must therefore be one or the other, unless naturally it's a hermaphrodite utilizing a combination of the two forms.
I have repeatedly watched these video's attempting to nail down in my head the fundamental concepts as outlined by Ken on the two possible anti-gravity drives. As Ken says, everything is right hand rule, and this is a little perplexing to me as to how to apply that in the context of the HV AC plate with a spinning magnetic plate beneath it.
I can't see any engines in it. Just a skeleton and a few propellers.
and here is the link to where we are talking about the ARV
Yes, on my thread you're free to discuss the most improbable things; Alien life forms included, along with highly dubious forms of radio flyers.
However I can't decide which type of antigravity vehicle it is right now.
" once Counterspace is created, it starts "sinking" all the Tesla Coil Energy..so, in order to keep it up...we must keep dialing the higher frequencies, trying to fool counterspace."
I cannot build it till next years too cold to work outside.

This consecutively may very well mean that the business has to enhance its mark up rate on the stock it sells, so as to get back the losses incurred by virtue of the bank loan. Nevertheless, this can be destructive to the business particularly in its infant stages, as the company will not yet have developed an adequate level of concern with the customer base to permit them to be guaranteed a definite degree of income.
Cybercrimes are criminal offenses committed using numerous forms of computer technology or online social networks. These are usually done via the Internet with the use of network-connected devices or gadgets. With the advent of technology, cyber crimes continue to become more common and prominent.
Most individuals, if not all, now have access to the Internet via their smartphones and laptops. The Internet has been nothing but helpful in terms of communication and research, but it has increased criminal activity as well. It is important to know the different types of cybercrime activities for added awareness and prevention.
What are the different Types of Cybercrimes?
Cyberbullying is defined as the act of using networking technology and online social media such as Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram to harass other people. It can be said that social networks are a prominent fixture in this generation, with also their many benefits. However, they have also been used to bully and intimidate peers, classmates, and even strangers under the guise of anonymity.
There are several types of online scams, but the most common one would probably be the phishing scheme. Here, the criminal would attempt to obtain personal data from their victims by posing as a reputable entity such as an airline or a bank. They would ask you to verify your account, often requesting for you to input private or sensitive information. With that data, they would be able to gain access to your bank accounts.
As common as they are these days, cybercrimes can also be used to falsely accuse someone. If you have been accused of any form of cybercrime, make sure that you get proper legal representation. You surely don’t want to go to jail for no reason. Contact a criminal attorney as soon as possible.
The business will be barred from selling outside the state.
Here is a more specific list of the people who should register under GST:
If supplying goods or services to the other state.
If the supplier is not registered under GST, then the recipient is supposed to pay the tax.
If supplying goods or services through an e-commerce website.
For the ease of the people, there are many online platforms available that one can seek for a hassle-free registration. These platforms have high-end software implemented with GST tools that help in proficient calculations and assure document safety.
Two copies of your bank statement (through which the payment inflow and outflow happens).
Memorandum of Association (MOA): This is a legal document that contains all the details and information about the company’s relationship with its shareholders in the market.
A document having a statement that declares the compliance.
GST is a great strategy that makes the tax process simpler and transparent. By giving everything in the consumer’s hand, the government has already assured credibility of the process. Now, it’s time for people to accept it wide arms open.
2 Simple But Effective Tips On How To Become A Yoga Teacher
#2 Complete a Yoga teacher training course
You should network with your teachers, classmates, and faculty to get the knowledge about the field you are stepping into. Competition among yoga teachers is strong in some areas so you should take a unique approach to make yourself stand-out in the crowd.
Yoga is a highly scattered market which is spreading rapidly, and that has studios opening up on nearly every next block around you to accommodate the increasing number of the practitioners. So you should be well aware of the competition you are stepping into!
How To Choose The Best Bitcoin Cloud Mining
What does the Best Bitcoin Cloud Mining do?
Things to know about Bitcoin Cloud Mining Companies:
High prices do not necessarily suggest better services. So, it is important to check for the providers’ services well before signing up for the best Bitcoin cloud mining company. Besides, you can also investigate alternate methods to get the cryptocurrency like buying it online, by trading Bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies.
So, just hurry up and don’t forget to add a few of cheese dishes in your dinners, lunches or even picnics. These cheese items are relished by everyone. A perfect meal will never be completed in the absence of a cheese dish.
In general CRM (or Customer Relationship Management) is a corporate information system designed to automate the company’s CRM strategy. In particular, it is used to increase sales, optimize marketing and improve customer service by storing information about customers and counterparts, establishing and improving business procedures and subsequent analysis of results.
When it comes to CRM for finance industry, it’s necessary to pay attention to the fact such software was specifically designed for the needs of the financial company and possess all necessary features. These tools are generally easy to use, offer a lot of functionalities and help financial professionals see where their clients and prospects are.
Read this article to learn about best finance CRM solutions to move your business forward. There are quite many CRM tools on the market these days, and we’ve compiled a list of three financial CRM systems to help you find what you need.
operational activities with the automation of basic business processes
quick access to any important information;
absolute security of all information.
Your roof is an important part of your home. It keeps you warm and protected during the winter. It also keeps you dry during the rainy season. Despite this, however, many take their roofs for granted. They tend to ignore them until a need to repair arises causing greater expenses in the long run.
If you want to improve your roofing this 2018, take a look at the following mistakes roofing maintenance mistakes you might be making:
Eventually, you will have to climb up your roof to do some form of cleaning. Depending on the season, your roof could be covered by leaves, snow or even algae.
In most cases, people get injured because they focus on cleaning their roof and gutters more immediately than safely. Avoid this mistake by using safety devices and equipment. You will have to go up to your roof more than once a year, so make sure you are always prepared.
People do this a lot. They refuse to spend money on professionals. Most people believe that professionals are only there to charge you for work you can do yourself. While it is important to save money, you shouldn’t do everything on your own. Professionals need to take over when it doesn’t involve simple cleaning and easy repair.
In fact, some things need actual professionals even if they seem simple. These people are trained to repair, replace, and maintain your roof. There may be added expenses but rest assured, your roof will be as good as new. It can even extend its useful life. Quick fixes may be cheap and convenient, but it won’t make your roof last.
Choosing the best contractor is not just necessary for roofing installation. It is also the best way to make sure that your money will be well spent. In choosing a contractor, don’t just focus on finding the cheaper choice. Choose the one with the most experience with regard to roofing installation and repair.
Get a professional who understands your situation and is willing to offer solid and diverse warranty options that would suit your needs. Pick the one who is able to explain to you all the things you need to know about maintenance and cleaning.
When building a home, most people really focus on the present and not the future. No one pays attention to warranty as long as it is perfectly installed. This is a problem. Whether you repair your roof on your own or hire a contractor, you are wasting money if it’s covered by warranty.
As long as the damage is still covered by warranty, you don’t have to spend a single cent. Professionals will fix it for you. So do pay close attention to your roof warranty. If you see any damage, have it repaired by them immediately. Warranties expire and it’s best to utilize them as much as possible.
The past year may have led you to spend more on your roof, but make this year different. Avoid these practices and you’ll be on your way to lower expenses and long lasting roofs for years to come.

What springs to mind when someone mentions Thailand?
For me, the thought of Thailand conjures up a very different image.
A vast country, with once proud roots, I was inspired to use Thailand as a location for my latest novel. Titled Caught in Traffick, the book centres on the complex and dangerous world of child sex trafficking in Thailand. I chose Thailand, due to its reputation as a sink hole of depravity. A reputation, which in my opinion, is well-deserved.
The trafficking of human beings is not a new problem. It dates back many millennia and continues to grow at an alarming level. Trafficking takes many forms; adults are trafficked for many reasons, including; the sex trade, forced labour, illegal organ donation, forced marriage, debt bondage, and domestic servitude.
Girls who are little more than children are sold into the sex trade
While I am aware that children are sexually exploited the world over; there are few places on earth that they are more vulnerable and less protected by their own Government than in Thailand.
The children’s charity The Sold Project estimates that there are around 60,000 children involved in the commercial sex trade in Thailand*.
Less common, is the abduction of children who are then forced into prostitution. Some of these children are those of holiday makers, and while rare, it does happen. There are an average of seven non Thai children a year who are kidnapped in Thailand. Whether the children are locally sold, or dramatically abducted, a similar fate awaits them all.
A high percentage of the ill-fated children will be sold into prostitution and while prostitution is officially illegal in Thailand, it is estimated that the trade is worth around $6.4 billion per annum, making it an essential part of the Thai economy.
Many children will die in service to the gangs who own them. Many contract sexually transmitted diseases, which are not treated. Others will die from botched abortions, while some will die from violence at the hands of their captors or clients. Many children are simply thrown out on the streets once they have outlived their usefulness. Unable to survive alone, they soon succumb to hunger, cold and illness.
Corruption and organised crime undermine even the best anti-trafficking efforts; so, why don’t the Government and the police do something about it?
Consider that at the time of writing, the average police officer in Thailand earns approximately £163 per MONTH at entry level, rising to only £350 a month for a more senior officer. In addition, they have to buy their own uniform, guns, and even bullets! It is small wonder they lack motivation, and have a reputation for being corrupt and easy to bribe.
“In Thailand’s most sensational crimes, the prime suspects are often the police”.
In 2015, the Government brought charges against 34 officials, including those in mid to high posts. The Government also investigated five cases where officials accepted bribes. It is a start, but it is nowhere near enough.
Smuggling/trafficking camps have been identified on many parts of the Thai border, but given the sheer size of Thailand’s borders; patrolling them effectively, is akin to holding back the tide. Many victims are brought in by sea; with this in mind, the Government do raid fishing boats on a regular basis, but again, it is pathetically insufficient.
Vulnerable children are put at risk by having to testify in front of the perpetrators
It is against this backdrop of corruption and perversion that my novel Caught in Traffick is set.
The book is the sequel to my best selling debut book, Known to Social Services, and sees the main character, social worker Diane Foster caught up in a complex and frightening web of criminal exploitation of the worst kind.
Focusing mainly on the kidnap of two European children, Caught in Traffick aims to highlight the issue of child trafficking for the sex trade. I also draw attention to the marked differences between the abduction of European children and the ensuing media drama, against the almost unacknowledged disappearance of local children, who elicit an apathetic response.
For research purposes, I read extensively and spoke to people who work in anti-trafficking organisations. Their insight was invaluable. The Internet is of course a mine of information and I found dozens of useful websites. From children's charities, who are dedicated to the eradication of child trafficking, to UK Government Agencies who combat the problem from a criminal perspective; all went towards building the picture and helped with the emerging storyline.
As a qualified child protection social worker I am more than aware of the issues which are faced by many of the world’s children. While Caught in Traffick is a novel, I am acutely aware that this is an all too horrifically real issue for tens of thousands of children. It is my heartfelt hope that through the medium of writing, I can bring some additional attention and action to this hideous practice.
Don't forget, you can sign up to follow this blog by putting your email into the link on the main page.
I am absolutely THRILLED to announce that my long awaited novel CAUGHT IN TRAFFICK is now available from Amazon and other outlets as a paperback and a download. Please follow the link below;
The sequel to my debut book Known to Social Services, Caught in Traffick picks up the story of Diane Foster; the social worker who was unfairly vilified for the death of a baby on her caseload. Diane is with her partner Ethan Montana in Thailand on a working holiday when they unwittingly become entangled in a complex and ruthless network of organised crime and child trafficking, which stretches from Bangkok to Pattaya.
The terrifying experiences of the children, and those striving to secure their liberty, provides a gripping and startlingly disturbing glimpse into the world of child trafficking.
Thousands of children worldwide are sold, kidnapped or simply given into the harrowing and frightening world of child trafficking, from which few escape. I wrote Caught in Traffick in the hope that the book will raise awareness and perhaps even challenge people’s views on this most heinous issue.
A chance meeting with the Director of Social Services Nicholas Bishop leads to a shocking revelation about the man who is still Diane’s most senior manager. Together, they become embroiled in a dangerous web of subterfuge and corruption, where organised crime syndicates and depraved sex offenders engage in a desperate battle of wits against those dedicated to their downfall. Trapped within this labyrinth of immorality are the children, who are sacrificed on the altar of greed and perversion for financial gain. With the gang’s tentacles reaching across to England, Diane is shocked to find herself faced with some old adversaries. With gripping twists and turns, hair-raising rescue attempts and heart breaking tragedies which leave you in despair; 'Caught in Traffick' will open your eyes to the disturbing underground world of child trafficking.
A Taste of Things to Come; a sneaky peek at the first chapter of my forthcoming novel Caught in Traffick
The time fast approaches for the release of my latest novel, Caught in Traffick. While we wait, I thought you might like to get a taste of what’s to come in this fast moving and gripping story of child trafficking in Thailand. Here is a tiny glimpse into Chapter One.
The Old Man observed the tableau, which played out before him; with his shrewd eye for detail, he already knew where all the main players were situated. He knew the beach well, and had already committed many details of today’s particular scenario to memory. It was with good reason that the Old Man was known to the people who sought him out, as “The Watcher.”
The book is the sequel to my first book Known to Social Services and should be released very soon, possibly before the end of August, but no promises. Caught in Traffick will be available from Amazon as a paperback and a download. It will also be available from certain book stores.
I will of course keep you posted, but you can sign up to follow my blog direct at;
In light of two recent high profile cases; one in the US, and one in the UK, I would like to share a story from social work, which I feel has some parallels to both stories.
The maximum sentence for Turner’s crime was 14 years; he got 6 months and is due for release in 3. His father commented that this was “a steep price to pay for 20 minutes of action”. The case sparked widespread outrage and debate, none of which I am going to enter into here. The point I would like to make is that in ALL societies, there is a huge imbalance when it comes to dealing with people from a different economic class.
The newspapers were quick to bring to the public’s attention several rape and sexual assault cases where the perpetrators had been from a different economic background, different ethnic group and class – all had received the maximum sentence. Not one had been handed such a lenient sentence as Turner.
The details of the Brock Turner case can be found by following this link;
He won due to the judge, Mrs Justice Hogg finding in his favour and expressing her “joy” at this “happy ending”. It was not a happy ending for Ellie. She is dead.
Social workers in Ellie’s case did NOT fail her but were thwarted in their attempts to protect her.
You can read an account of this case by following the link below;
At the age of 24, Natalie had an affair with a TV celebrity, which resulted in her pregnancy with the twins. The father (who was married) wanted nothing to do with her once he discovered she was pregnant, but he offered to support the boys financially. The family declined his offer.
Eighteen months later, Natalie was once again found to be intoxicated while caring for the now two-year old boys. The police had to step in again and place the boys in foster care. This time, a Core Assessment was undertaken, which suggested (unsurprisingly) that Natalie needed input from the alcohol team and support from the local Family Centre.
The case was closed four weeks after the completion of the Core Assessment, with a note on file that Children’s Services were “Satisfied” that Natalie had appropriate support.
I was told that the current social worker had just been dismissed, as she had been visiting Natalie in the evenings for coffee and had apparently told her, “Don’t you worry Nat, I’ll get your kids back”.
I was the latest in a succession of social workers who had yet to engage with Natalie in any meaningful way.
He would not be drawn into a discussion, but told me that an emergency review meeting had been convened, which I was expected to attend in precisely 30 minutes. I would hand out copies of my amended report and recommend that the children return to Natalie’s care forthwith.
It was his turn to be stunned when I refused.
I then did something I have never done in my career as a social worker, no matter how difficult things had been.
Before I left, I made an official complaint to the Director of Children’s Services, in regard to the twin’s case and I was subsequently invited to see him. He listened carefully to what I had to say and then told me they were sorry to lose me.
I do not know what became of Natalie or her children after I left. I sincerely hope that she did succeed in being a parent, but I seriously doubt it.
For more information on me and my writing, please visit my website;
I am a British born author and ex senior child protection social worker, living and working in Brittany, France, with my husband Steve, where we are busy renovating a house.
My debut novel, Known to Social Services was published by Faraxa Books in 2015 and has been the number one social work book on Amazon UK several times. It was also a WINNER of the autobiography/biography section at the 2015 London Book Festival and received an Honorable Mention at the 2016 Paris Book Festival in the General Non-Fiction Section.
A short story about our rescue dog Merlin is now available as a download only. Titled Merlin the Hound Dog it tells the story from 2 perspectives - his and mine!

The Ninth Daughter (2009), A Marked Man (2010), Sup with the Devil {Mass Market Paperback} (2013)
While Abigail and Horace try to unravel the strange circumstances, one of his fellow students—a young man loyal to the King—is murdered. And though the Sons of Liberty are desperate to find the rumored gold, Abigail is more interested in the truth. For the Devil’s treasure comes with a curse that could bring down anyone, regardless of where their allegiance lies…
Sup with the Devil is available NOW from your favorite bookseller.
1. Please leave a comment describing your favorite woman from history and why you like her.
There are so many to choose from for this one. I won't say that Harriet Tubman is my favorite because I have many. But she was a very strong woman who risked her life to help others and that is a quality that should be remembered. But there are also women like Madam Curie and Marie Antoinette that changed history in their own way. There are certainly no wrong answers here!!!
I think there's a lot of unsung heroes among women in history, simply because of their status as women. I have enjoyed the stories of Dolley Madison. I wrote a bio of her for a class once. She also seemed very smart, and helped save many items from the British during the War of 1812.
I have a lot of respect for Susan B Anthony because of what she did for the women's rights movement.
Oh, so many. Betsy Ross. Whether or not she sewed the first flag I was fasinated with her as a young child, thus beginning my love of American history.
I admire Rosa Parks for her courage during a time of turmoil.
Eleanor Roosevelt. She set the tone for what modern First Ladies should be.
I have just been reading about Abigail Adams and her intelligence. I have to read this series!! Loving it!!!!
Clara Barton, I love what she did during the war, I fell in love with her when I read a book about her in grade school, many moons ago!
I would say Eleanor Roosevelt for the great lady she was and Rosa Parks for what she did to help the people to join together as one
Eleanor Roosevelt is my favorite woman of history because my mother talked of her so often that she just came alive to me.
i guess mine would be Lucille Ball!!! she was definitely someone who was ahead of her time!!!!
Florence Nightingale. She may have had a questionable past but she is noted as the founder of modern nursing. As a nurse, I find her interesting.

There are a small number of published outbreaks that attribute transmission to asymptomatic infected food handlers. This is most convincing when there is good epidemiological evidence implicating specific food handlers. In many cases the attribution is open to question.
About 50% of adults infected with Salmonella will continue to excrete for over 5 weeks and 10% will excrete for over 9 weeks.
The natural history of Salmonella infection is for spontaneous clearance. Antibiotic treatment may be associated with prolonged carriage.
For food handlers with asymptomatic non-typhoidal Salmonella infection to be excluded from food handling activities under the FSANZ Food Standards Code, there would need to be evidence that there was a reasonable likelihood of food contamination as a result of the infection.
Stool samples should not be routinely collected from asymptomatic food handlers during outbreak investigations as the results do not provide a useful basis for a public health response.
In limited circumstances it may be appropriate to collect stool samples from specific asymptomatic food handlers, when there is epidemiological evidence that those individuals may be involved in transmission, particularly for prolonged outbreaks. Such evidence may include an association with implicated meals or dishes.
Food handlers with symptoms of gastroenteritis, including those with confirmed salmonellosis, should not attend work until at least 48 hours after symptoms cease and should be counselled on personal hygiene prior to returning to work.
In addition, for Salmonella-infected food handlers who have been excluded from work and who serve vulnerable populations (hospital, aged care or childcare settings) or who are identified during outbreak investigations, a site inspection should be considered to review the premises, including the adequacy of toileting and hand-washing facilities, and to ensure that appropriate hygiene practises are in place prior to return to work.
Antibiotics for salmonellosis may be indicated for clinical reasons but not for public health purposes.
The Food Standards Code defines a food handler as a person who directly engages in the handling of food, or who handles surfaces likely to come into contact with food, for a food business (Standard 3.1.1).
The Minnesota Department of Health has additional restrictions for employees with known Salmonella infection, who are restricted from working with food or clean equipment/utensils until the Department of Health and the licensing regulatory authority have evaluated the potential for foodborne disease transmission.
In each of the following shorter outbreaks the attribution of transmission to asymptomatic food handlers is open to question.
They concluded that “Screening for the detection of asymptomatic Salmonella carriers among food handlers or institutional workers is associated with a high cost-to-benefit ratio and is usually not appropriate” and that screening “may be appropriate when there is continuing spread of Salmonellosis despite otherwise adequate control measures.”
A 1998 Cochrane review concluded that “There appears to be no evidence of a clinical benefit of antibiotic therapy in otherwise healthy children and adults with non-severe Salmonella diarrhoea. Antibiotics appear to increase adverse effects and they also tend to prolong Salmonella detection in stools.” 16
What duties the food handler undertakes — duties that involve direct contact with ready-to-eat food, or eating and drinking utensils would be considered higher risk than duties that do not involve these things;
The Guide notes “Generally, it would not be acceptable for a food handler to be at work while suffering vomiting and/or diarrhoea. Food handlers should not return to work until they have been symptom-free for 48 hours and have formed stools.”
We have not identified evidence that specifically supports the exclusion of food handlers for 24 to 48 hours after symptom resolution. This appears to be based more on pragmatic considerations than a documented reduction in transmission risk.

The support of Python 3.7 has been added.
So the Tulip python wheels are now available for Python 2.7, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6 and 3.7 versions.
the speedup of the Graph rendering engine (up to 60%),
the use of an "Url property" enabling the launch of your default web browser on the node/edge associated web page.
the Spreadsheet view where a zoom of its contents (from 60 to 300%) has been added.
A new chapter of the User Manual entitled "Tulip in practice: Four case studies" has been added.
Binaries without the Python components are also available for users who do not aim to use
the integration of the "Material design icons" (https://materialdesignicons.com) to be used as nodes glyphs,
the management of the Message log window,
Source package for any distributions can be downloaded from the same page.
These are intended to users who do not need to develop any specific Python code to interact with their data when using Tulip.
A linux dedicated executable is now available for download.
This is essentialy a maintenance release with many bug fixes and improvements in:
Two packages are available for download through the pip tool :
To install the modules, issue the following commands through a command line:
The supported Python versions are the following ones : 2.7, 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5.
See https://github.com/nateucar/tulip_infiniband for more details and download information.
Two new features have been also added;
for the rendering of every node of a graph.
This is a minor maintenance release with bug fixes and improvements mainly in:
These are intended to users who do not need to develop any Python specific code to interact
Tulip will be presented at the 1st European Conference on Social Networks
All material (example data and code) will be made available prior to the workshop.
Because of a change in the Python 2.7 download url at python.org web site,
This is essentially a maintenance release with many bug fixes in :
which is now highlighted with a top green line.
panel of the Spreadsheet view has been improved.
Because of some changes in the behaviour of the dynamic library loader on MacOSX 10.9,
This is essentially a maintenance release with many bug fixes
has been improved with the addition of new contextual menus
to browse a fully integrated documentation divided in three parts:
But also, 2 new plugins have been added:
Visit that web site for more details. The website is in french...
This is essentially a maintenance release with many bug fixes,
The Python Script documentation has been improved.
Finally some new features has been added:
Many new plugins (most of them were previously downloadable) are provided in this release and thus are included in the source package.
New plugins available in this release are:
It's been 12 days now since Tulip 4 has been released and a lot has been done.
As we expected, this new release encountered a lot of problems and we have been working full time to fix everything that the users reported to us.
That's why we are releasing Tulip 4.1 that early. Major changes included are:
We have also discussed about giving the source code of our external plugins to Linux users. A lot of plug-ins that were not available in the Tulip bundle will soon appear on our SVN and will be available for checkout.
Here you'll find the download links for Tulip depending on your operating system:
It's been almost a week that Tulip 4 has been released and, as we expected, a lot of problems occurred with this new major version of Tulip:
A lot of Mac OSX users have been unable to simply run Tulip due to missing libraries errors. Fixing this problem on the client side is not an easy task since it involves installing macports and a lot of other dependencies. The Mac OSX bundle is meant to be standalone without the need to install any other package.
Some crashes concerning python have been reported, we are currently working to fix them and to give more feedback to the user if an error with the python installation is found.
A lot of minor features about the GUI have been asked for. We are still working on it but the most part should be included into the Tulip 4.1 release.
That's why we are going to release Tulip 4.1 before the end of the week. We are great fans the "release early, release often" development philosophy, especially after a new major release.
So be sure to stay tuned on the newsfeed this week to checkout the new Tulip 4.1 release !
After one year of development, over 2000 commits, about 300 bugs and feature requests fixed, two Release Candidates and lots of feedback, we present you Tulip 4.
This is the first release in the new Tulip 4.X series, which brings a gorgeous new UI, lots of speed improvements and a heavy lifting of the API and its documentations to simplify development of high-performance plug-ins.
Let’s take a tour of the new UI together, see how it will simplify the analysis of data.
Tulip4 is designed to simplify multi-tasking as much as possible, and to this end we introduce the Tulip Agent.
The Tulip agent is the hub where the plug-ins can be installed, removed or updated. You can easily browse through plug-ins type, and search to quickly find what you are looking for.
But it is also the place where you can get a glimpse at the latest Tulip news, and the images published on the Tulip website.
Tulip 4 starts with a clean slate, and brings an intuitive way of visualizing and manipulating graphs.
Here is what the new perspective looks like when you start it up (for those of you that recognized a touch of QtCreator, yes, we drew inspiration from their UI).
Let’s look at each component real quick, and we will go deeper after loading a graph to detail the interactions.
The most noticeable component is the workspace, on the right. This contains the views on the graphs, and is only different from the Tulip 3 Multiple Document Interface in that it has a few fixed layouts between which you can easily switch. This makes your data as visible as possible, without leaving empty screen space.
Then, on the left are two bars, one fixed, containing shortcuts to common operations such as undo, redo, importing a graph, and a link to the Agent’s plugin page, that will make the agent pop up.
The other contains the algorithms and the graph hierarchy. This way of presenting the algorithms offers great visibility for each of them, and allows to search easily through the plug-ins. As the number of plug-ins installed by default is now over one hundred, this became a necessity.
For the imports that require a bit more input, such as DIMACS, we need to use the Import button in the leftmost bar.
Now, we can select which view we want to open. This wizard contains a short description for every view, explaining what its intent is.
To change the configuration of a view once it is created, you can find the same exact configuration page and more in the upper-right corner of the view. A simple click on these tabs will make them pop up.
You can also drag and drop graphs from the hierarchy view to the view you want to display the graph, or use said v9iew graph selection box in its header.
Tulip 4 saw quite a lot of modifications under the hood to simplify its use.
First and foremost, a documentation was written for the API. It is not yet perfect nor complete, but will evolve in the future to be as complete and detailed as you, the user, want it to be.
The plug-in system was overhauled to make it easier to find existing plug-ins and remove some historical code.
We are proud to announce that the second release candidate for Tulip 4.0.0 is now available for download.
Aside from a huge amount of bug fixes, this release includes several additional features:
More context-menu options are now available. You will now be able to take a snapshot from any 3D visualisation of your graph (Node Link, Histogram, Parallel coordinates, etc)
As I said, a lot of bugs have also been fixed thanks to all the feedbacks coming from the Tulip community. We hope that this second release candidate will be able to satisfy everybody's expectations.
You can download the Tulip version matching your operating system from the links below:
It has been since a year since we started to talk about a new major version of Tulip. A lot of discussions and work later, we're proud to annouce that the first release candidate for Tulip 4 is now available.
This version aims at giving an experience that will be as close as possible to the final version that will come out in the next weeks.
Below are some of the key features available in Tulip 4:
This new interface allows the user to interact in some new ways with its data by using more intuitive interactions, such as dragging algorithms directly onto the graph.
The main goal was to avoid the complexity of the Tulip 3 GUI while keeping all the features directly accessible to the user.
capable of storing several graphs at once associated with any kind of data. This allows the user to manipulate different graph hierarchies into the same project and integrate external files (like textures) in its project file.
* Inter-process communication. One of the major downside in Tulip 3 is that opening multiple projects would always been done in the same window
(and thus into the same process). This made working on different projects simultaneously pretty difficult.
In Tulip 4, each project is run separately into its own process so you can easily work on several projects simultaneousely.
Working on several projects at the same time Installing new plugins
* Improved OpenGL rendering. A lot of work has been done this past year on the 3D rendering engine to make it even faster than it was before. We took advantage of modern technologies like the
This first RC marks the begenning of something new for Tulip. This past year's main goal was to give Tulip the look'n feel of a modern software and we can finally turn ourselves to a lot of exciting new opportunities and new cool features we want to see in Tulip very soon.
So be sure to grab a copy of Tulip 4.0.0 RC1. Any feedback is welcome so feel free to post on our forums or bug tracker if you have any question or if you encounter any issues.
the "edit" menu is now plugged, allowing the creation of subgraphs, groups, etc.
As we are getting more feedback, the development starts to focus more on the UI than the APIs, and the API should be fairly stable from now on, but it will only be frozen when we reach the beta stage.
Do not hesitate to leave feedback on our sourceforge forums so we know which direction you want Tulip4 to take, and which features are a priority for you !
Tulip 3.7.0 is out in its final version.
The Graph API has been extended.
We're a bit late but the second alpha release for Tulip 4.0.0 is finally out. Following is a list of features included in this release:
As we release this second alpha, we are already working on the next one that will integrate the various external plugins (Histogram View) in a full, offline installer.
Any comment, complain, bug report is more than welcome.
This day comes with a small news to tell you that we are currently working on the release of the Tulip 4 alpha 2 and we are nearly done.
We will put a detailed list of new features coming along with this release when we will put it online.
This is obviously alpha quality and not ready for production use, but it shows where the development stands, and we hope this will bring in opinion from our community and stem discussion in our forums.
Before making you want Tulip4 badly, we need to make sure you understand some things, so here's a disclaimer.
Tulip4 alpha 1 is not covering the whole feature set of Tulip3, and far from it. There is no way to make a property local, add a new one or delete one.
There might be crashes (which you will be able to report using our awesome new crash report).
There are no binary packages for any other platform than windows, and there will not be until beta stage.
There are some problems with how the components are displayed in the installer.
Lots of other issues, without any doubt.
The Tulip Agent allows you to start a new graph analysis (or any other perspective), manage your plugins, and read the latest Tulip news.
The Plugin center allows you to easily manage your plugins.
You can easily mak a plugin for removal (it will be deleted at the next tulip agent startup, as the plugin is currently loaded), update or install a new plugin.
To update and install new plugins, a remote location is required, and none is given by default for the alphas, we will probably publish such a remote location for the alpha at a later time.
On the left you can see a bar containing access to the three modes we plan on having by Tulip4 final, of which there is only one available yet.
On the bottom left you can see quick access to importing data, and opening the Tulip agent on the "Plugins" page to install a new plugin rapidly, and the Help section.
Tulip can now display different graphs side by side without having a context change, so you can more easily compare different data sets.
You can now find the algorithms you want to run easily by filtering the list, and configure the algorithm inline.
Running them with their default value is a single click now, and without interruption from a pop-up.
This is a maintenance release with many bug fixes, especially in the rendering of edges and labels. It includes improvements for the Python Scripting view, and new methods for the management of subgraphs.
As Tulip 3.6.1 is not officially released yet, we have modified the way to download the packages. We have created a new Tulip PPA dedicated to contain snapshots of the tulip_3_6_maint branch from our subversion repository. We also renamed some packages to be in conformity with the Debian policy.
Here is an updated list of the package that can be downloaded and installed on your Ubuntu system :
Here is an exhaustive list of the package that can be downloaded and installed on your Ubuntu system :
Last but not least, if you encountered a crash, you can install debug packages in order to get a meaningful stack trace through the use of gdb. You can then post this trace on our bug tracker to help us fix the bug you encountered.
During the summer, there has been slow but steady progress on Tulip4, and now that vacations are over for half of the team, the development is starting again.
For Tulip4's main interface he drew inspiration from Qt Creator, with a side bar on the left with big icons for the most common actions (such as importing).
The old observation system has been mostly removed from Tulip4, and the only class that has not been refactored is the UpdatesRecorder, which takes care of the undo/redo; and will be redesigned more deeply, as the new observation system can simplify its task greatly, while giving it more power.
We are keeping a compatibility layer in a new library, called tulip3-compat to ease the transition.
Tulip 3.6.0 is out in its final version, as we fixed the few remaining bugs in the beta, and reverted a change that cause more trouble than we had foressen.
This new version brings quite a lot of stuff :
And, of course, bugfixes and performance improvements too.
The work on Tulip4 is now going full throttle, as 3.6 will probably be the last major release of the 3.X branch. We plan on maintaining until Tulip4 is really stable or there are no more bus reported, whichever comes first.
The tutorial page is available here.
If you still encounter problems with CMake, feel free to post on our forums for extra help.
Another new feature that came with Tulip 3,5,0 is the CSV import. We also realized that some users were kind of lost when using this brand-new shiny feature. So here is another video) tutorial available here.
See the plugins management section of the user manual if you need help installing it.
Tulip 3.5.0 is a big success so far, as it attracted 50% more visitors to the website than our previous best, and already over 2.000 persons downloaded it.
With all the time we had during the release cycle, we have already given lots of thoughts and work into Tulip 3.6, and the feature list is more or less complete (see the Roadmap for more details).
We will probably release Tulip 3.6 sooner than we would have expected, and it will pack some more user-frienliness and features.
This will allow us to break code compatibility, and refactor the API to remove some parts that are only here for historical reasons (and we could not break code compatibility before).
The tulip core API will not change much, as the only planned change is a refactoring of the plug-in system that will only affect plug-ins that were actively using this system to register new kind of plugins.
We started to change how you can interact with Tulip as a whole, by creating a "launcher window" that will allow you to choose which perspective you want to use.
Here is a screenshot of the first draft of the laucher, the bug empty space being a placeholder for where the available perspectives will be displayed for the user to choose.
And here is the new plugin management center, which is a rip-off of Ubuntu's Software Center inspired from existing software.
Finally, here comes the screen along with the tray icon notification that comes up when errors have been reported when loading plugins:
This release is only the beginning of some exciting changes in Tulip's UI to make it more user-friendly. The CSV import is a good example of how we plan to make powerful features accessible. We also made some nice improvements on rendering speed, and fixed lots of bugs, many of which were reported during the development of 3.5.
Many thanks to all the bug reporters and early testers who helped us stabilize this release more than any before it !
Read on for more details about the new features in this release.
The CSV import was re-written from scratch, and now takes the form of a wizard.
Take a look at it in action here !
A few details here and there were tweaked, that will make the overall user experience smoother.
The color mapping now has a completely different GUI, far more powerful than the old one, making it easy to pick a mapping from the ones we offer by default, or compose your own !
We have added feedback on the interactors when your mouse is over a node or edge (e.g. the New Node interactor now changes the cursor to indicate you cannot create a new node on top of an existing one).
The window that pops up when you have multiple controllers installed is now a bit easier to use, the Plugins Manager displays helpful apply/discard buttons, and more !
The Magic Wand interactor has seen some modifications, making it more powerful and easier to use (e.g. it can now replace selection, add to current selection, intersect with current selection, or remove from current selection).
Please note that we use Python 2 and not Python 3 for this release.
For some examples of scripts, take a look on this page.
We changed the way we distribute linux binaries, as generating packages for every distribution out there was too much of a hurdle for our little team.
This allows us to use whatever version of Qt we like, and not hold it back for compatibility with any linux distribution who deemed it unstable.
But most importantly, it allows us to be certain the executables you have were built the same way as the software was, allowing for any linux user to use the plug-ins server, and increasing the reliability of the plug-ins distributed this way.
Tulip 3.5 has seen some refactoring and optimizations, and we have an increase of over 200% for edge rendering performances, removed lots of old code, and we made a huge step in getting rid of the displaylists for good !
We added support for Visual Studio compilation (only versions 2008 and 2010 have been tested), because we know lots of people use Visual Studio out there, and now using Tulip in a huge Visual Studio code base is possible !
It is not officially supported for now, meaning some functionality is not building/working with Visual Studio (i.e. the HistogramView does not build, and thus cannot be distributed).
We also made some change to compile with Clang 2.8, which has the advantage of providing easily readable wranings and errors. Clang is not officially supported either, meaning clang compilation can be broken at any time, for any period of time.
We have changed a bit how we create packages for windows and Mac OS, as we are now using CPack.
Tulip 3.5.0 is as close to a final release as can be.
However, if you have installed a beta, we strongly advise to update, as some bugs have been fixed since the beta 2.
Meanwhile, we have started work on Tulip 3.6, and have established a RoadMap.
We will modify the website a bit to make this page and some related content easily available in the next weeks.
Have a look to that nice tulip based visualization of the air traffic evolution from 1980 to 2008.
The final release should be there next week, unless a serious bug shows up.
Tulip 3.5 has reached feature-completion about one week ago, and is now stable enough for a beta release. We have a few known bugs to fix before a final release (hopefully next monday), but try this beta and report bugs if you find any.
This beta is not intended for production use (i.e. it will eat your kittens), and the packages may be buggy. If so please tell us.
Here is a highlight of the most important changes in Tulip 3.5 :
We finally integrated the python scripting support into Tulip ! We stated on distributing python, to avoid forcing you to keep a specific version when you want to benefit from the goodness in a newer version.
For now Python is a Tulip view plug-in, but this is not strictly coherent with Tulip's philosophy of views, so it will probably be changed in the future.
This is because to bring you tulip-qt, we would need to distribute PyQt. For now this feature was not deemed necessary enough to add another dependency. We may distribute PyQt and tulip-qt separately in the future, but don't take my word for it.
We have some cool ideas on how to use it, and we may very well just give some example scripts.
Also, we cleaned up the code a good lot, as we activated the -Wall and -Wextra options of GCC to display lots of warnings. We went from over 400 warnings to 2 in the latest nightly, and I have already fixed one of them :)
Some of you may have noticed a news titled "What's new in Tulip 3.5" yesterday, but could not access it.
This is because I mistakenly thought that if the news is not published (i.e. not accessible to anonymous users) it would not appear in th rss feed.
I was working on a first draft of the changelog, and left it unpublished for review, this news will most likely be published next week.
On a side note, we have seen some people drop in our IRC channel, ask if anyone is there, and leave, all in less than a minute.
We are there (except last week, I was alone on the chan) and we will read and reply if you have questions, but please understand that we may be taking a coffee break when you drop in, or we may just miss the notification.
Also, we may not be in the office (someone dropped in the chan at 2am [UTC+1], so it seems normal no one is there).
If you have a question that needs an answer, but do not have time to hang on the chan to get it, the forums may be a more appropriate place for asking it.
We'll be happy to answer next time, if you give us more than 1 minute to do so :)
Tulip is open source software, but the development process is not really open.
Thankfully we have bug reports from users, but too many are from people having trouble building Tulip. (Actually, these result from a miscommunication from us, as we did not state clearly that the autotools are deprecated since the 3.4.1 release)
We have begun an effort to open up and try to create a community around Tulip. In order to do this, we need to lower the entry level, and ease the process to accept patch on our end.
We have to admit that contributing to a project such as Tulip is not as easy as it could be. First, it's C++, everybody is not familiar with this language, and setting up an environment can be time consuming and sometimes a bit frustrating.
We are going through re-writing most of the documentation, as a good part is out of date, and some parts need proofreading.
Using sourceforge is godd, but not good enough. Creating an account is something that everybody may not be willing to do when wondering how to do something on Tulip. So we created the #tulip irc channel on freenode. There is always someone there, and more of us drop by during our work hours (approximately 9am to 6pm UTC+2).
We enabled commenting on the news, tutorials and images.
In the future, this Jenkins server should also generate the plug-ins server, to provide the latest and greatest version of the plug-ins as they become available.
Let me describe our goal with this little story of what happened to me yesterday:
I found an existing bug that was 9 months old describing this exact situation, and decided to take a stab at it rather than throwing my whole day of work out the window.
This story sums up what we hope will happen with Tulip in the future: if you have a bug, the will and skills to fix it, we can help you do it without too much trouble.
To try and develop this community, we are applying for GSOC this year !
Our ideas page is here, if you have ideas of things you would want, add them in the coments :)
In somewhat related news, the Game of Life tutorial got updated with some interesting content, finally entering the thick of things.
All the images have been done with the tulip 3.5.0 svn version (no other software has been used).
Well, we have not been idle all this time, but these were side projects, and were treated with such priority.
Sadly, we have come to the conclusion that QtJambi is not something we can release with Tulip, because we have not found a solution to make it work seamlessly on all platforms with the current Tulip architecture.
It works pretty nicely on linux, but fails miserably on windows, because we want to instantiate the Java VM from the DllMain (if you are interested by the subject, take a look here).
With some work, we could have this working, but right now it is a priority for no one, so it will wait until at least Tulip 3.6.
We have had some internal talks about the different scripting technologies available to us, and what came out was that Python is a more popular and widely-known language than QtScript, and that having woth technologies would have too few advantages and too important development costs.
So for now, we are only planning to distribute the Python plugin, but there too we have some difficulties.
The question is : Should we have the user install Python independently, or distribute it ? (We do not want to statically link python because we would lose the ability to use external modules).
We have not yet resolved this question, and so will not distribute this plug-in just yet, be we can tell you it works pretty well, and includes some QScintilla auto-completion :)
In completely other news, we are re-designing our release process, and your input is welcome ! Would you like to see nightly builds ? A thorough beta and RC cycle before the final release ? Unicorns and double rainbows ?
Drop in our irc channel (if you click on Support->Live Assistance, a new browser window will open on an irc webclient) or leave a comment to let us know what you think we should do for you.
After a few weeks of slowed activity on the website, we are back with some interesting news.
The new plug-in of the week is here, but it is the start of a series where we will implement Conway's Game of Life with Tulip.
This will be a full Tulip perspective, designed to be a Tutorial in the first parts, and a little showcase of Tulip's capabilities in the following. You can find it as usual in User/Tutorials.
I also created a irc channel on freenode (#tulip, if it really needs to be said). For now I am the only developper there, but if this experiment proves a sucessfull way of easing communication, we might adopt it as an official channel. Join if you have any question at all concerning Tulip, be it useage, development, plug-ins, or anything else !
Stay tuned for more, as the following weeks promises to be filled with interesting news :)
As you may have noticed, the plug-in of the week has been late, and in fact is in hold until the next release comes out.
As we are nearing the release, lots of works goes into polishing and bugfixing, and with the holidays none of us had enough time to write a full plug-in or tutorial.
But the plug-in of the week is not dead, and will come back soon after the 3.5.0 release !
In the meantime don't hesitate to ask us for tutorials, be it on development or general Tulip useage (or even documentation).
To see the results and the new tulip tiling engine for web-based visualization in action, visit the following post :
This week, a simple import plug-in that will take an image, an for each pixel in this image, create a node.
We are working hard to make Tulip development a breeze on windows.
A tutorial on how ot develop using Visual studio will be out some time next week.
Fourth edition of the plug-in of the week is here !
This time, we created a new Interactor plugin for you, the second interactor based on the chain of responsibility concept.
By looking at the attached source code, you will learn how to write an interactor plugin for Tulip in order to visualize some informations.
For more details and to dowload the source code, go to this page.
Comment system and plug-in of the week.
So leave your remarks on our work!
Furthermore a new plug-in tutorial is available.
This week we will see how to create a simple glyph for Tulip.
Third edition of the plug-in of the week is here !
This time, we bring to you a plugin for importing graphs saved in the GEXF file format. This format is proper to Gephi, another graph visualization software. By looking at the attached source code, you will learn how to write an import plugin for Tulip in order to load your data in the software.
If you want to see the previous plug-ins, you can always access them through the Tutorials page (User menu -> Tutorials).
Second edition of the plug-in of the week is here !
This time it's a smaller, simpler, but nevertheless interesting plug-in.
This one has less tutorial and more code (well, proportionally at least), but I had to take this one because I did not warn the other members of the team early enough for them to clean one of their plug-ins enough to be published.
Well, I guess this'll teach me :)
Plug-in of the week First Edition out !
Take a look at it, and don't forget to tell us what you think about it on the dedicated forum !
A Tutorials page has been added to the "User" Section of the website.
The goal of this section is to extend the User and Developer manuals (which can be found here and here)
If you'd like to get help on a subject not yet covered, just use our Contact page of add a post on our Forums.
Starting next week, there will be a plug-in tutorial posted on the website, every week.
For the first weekly plug-in, you will have a tutorial on the creation of an InteractorComponent, re-using already existing Tulip components to create a general-purpose Interactor, allowing the user to perform the most frequent tasks without switching interactor.
Tulip opens to a new world of possibilities
About a year and a half ago, a group of six students experimented with QtScript and QtJambi, and how they could be integrated with Tulip.
Today, this project has been re-animated, and it looks pretty promising.
New technologies such as Shiboken (from PySide) have been integrated into this to allow for even more awesomeness.
We realize that lots of developers don't like C++, and for those, Tulip is not even an option.
And for the very large Java community, it is a new Graph manipulation library that becomes available, with the performances of C++.
This part is pretty straight-forward.
You have a simple text editor with syntax highligting and basic code completion, a button to run your script, and voilà.
Of course this is not as powerfull nor as fast as native C++ plug-ins, but it is far easier to use, and as new versions are brewing, we will make it more and more powerfull, maybe giving access to the rendering engine, or even allowing for whole plug-ins written in script !
This can be used to fast prototype an algorithm, or to apply multiple plug-ins at once.
You can of course save and load scripts, giving you the opportunity to write an operation once, and perform it multiple times.
QtJambi is a bridge allowing Java developpers to create Qt applications. It is no longer developed officially by Nokia, but it is supported by an open-source community, and is still very much alive.
Also, it opens up the possibility of writing Tulip plug-ins in Java.
These are not production-level yet, but this will be coming to Tulip soon, hopefully for the 3.5 release.
This is a maintenance release with many bug fixes.
Congratulations to Charles and his lovely bride.
All the team members whish you a lot of happiness for your new life together.
You can find your wedding gift (made with love) here.
The upcoming Tulip 3.4.1 version contains major bug fixes, it will be released over the next few weeks.
Tulip 3.5.0 is still in development and will be released over next coming months.
Booggie is an engineering software for the formalization and computational application of knowledge. Based on object-oriented graph grammars, knowledge becomes computable in order to solve design tasks. This provides a strong foundation to tackle problems that are based on a schematic or network-like representation.
The goal of that topic is to know what do you want in Tulip 4.0 release.
We plan to make a major release where all the Tulip framework will be enhanced/changed. Using the new perspective mechanism as well as the QtGraphicsItem rendering , we plan to release a completely novel GUI.
management of graph attributes in the undo/redo mechanism: the graph attributes updates are now taken into account by the undo/redo mechanism. Any kind of data types can be managed through this extension.
This is a new minor release with many performance improvements and bug fixes. The ability to configure an http proxy has been added in the plugins manager.
bug fixes: the management of multiple views has been improved.
This is a new minor release with an improved management of multiple views on multiple graphs and many bug fixes.
multiple views/graphs management: it is based on tabs, one for each graph, enabling the use of multiple views on multiple graphs in a single Tulip gui. The newly introduced 'Spread sheet' view has been renamed into 'Table' view.
This is the new 3.1.0 version with a new undo/redo mechanism, the addition of 2 new types of graph views, an improved OpenGL rendering of graph elements.
undo/redo: the Tulip gui integrates 2 new toolbar items for undo/redo management. Only the last undo action can be replayed while there is no limit to the number of undo. This mechanism is implemented on top of the new push/pop Graph class api.
This is a new minor release with bug fixes and code clean up.
This is a new minor release with a new antialiasingoption, a new contextual menu, gcc/g++ 4.3 support, and many bug fixes.

To view a state map with the areas designated or obtain addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses, go to the Contact Page ».
AT includes devices and services that help people hear, see, live, learn and work better. A tremendous variety of assistive technology is available today. ATK is a way to connect Kansans to AT. For more information please call 800 KAN DO IT (800-526-3648).

President Obama had his health care summit yesterday, inviting Senators and Congress persons from both parties to put their ideas on the table; and the results were predictable.
The Dems and Obama explained why our health care system is broken, why individual mandates and subsidies are necessary to fix it, and why banning pre-existing conditions without mandates will not work.
The Republicans prattled on about interstate insurance, health care accounts and high-risk pools. And the Democrats explained why none of those will do anything to reform the system and will cause insurance costs to sky-rocket.
The good news was that there was very little nonsense about “death panels” or socialism, although Republicans stuck to their goal of misleading the public by bleating about government take over of health care, abortion subsidies, and strong arm Democratic tactics.
If we had a rational public discourse in this country, the debate about health care would be over and we could expect overwhelming public support for the Democratic plan.
But we don’t have a rational public discourse, in part, because the press will not report what is actually happening.
Although the Democrats rightly emphasized how many Republican ideas were in their proposal, anyone who listened closely or who has been following this year-long debate knows that Republican demands to start over are a thinly disguised attempt to derail any reform. They have one goal, which they have stated explicitly, and that is to make sure the Democrats don’t get credit for another policy that will help people.
But you will not hear the Washington Press corps tell it like it is. And 30 second clips on the nightly news are likely to show the “reasonable” Republicans pleading for bi-partisanship, giving the casual viewer the impression that the mean Democrats are up to their old arrogant tricks.
I suppose we have made some progress. Opponents can no longer claim their ideas have not had a fair hearing, and the Democrats have put health-care reform back on the agenda.
According to Pew Research, as of November 2009, “Only 46 percent of 16-to-24-year-olds are employed, which is the smallest share since the government began keeping track in 1948…”
Via Brian Leiter, The Atlantic lays out the disturbing long-term consequences of our current recession and the failure to provide adequate stimulus to the economy—both, by the way, the consequences of a conservative ideology that may be back in power in 2010. Who better to put out a fire than an arsonist?
[I]n fact a whole generation of young adults is likely to see its life chances permanently diminished by this recession. Lisa Kahn, an economist at Yale, has studied the impact of recessions on the lifetime earnings of young workers […] She found that, all else equal, for every one-percentage-point increase in the national unemployment rate, the starting income of new graduates fell by as much as 7 percent; the unluckiest graduates of the decade, who emerged into the teeth of the 1981–82 recession, made roughly 25 percent less in their first year than graduates who stepped into boom times.
But what’s truly remarkable is the persistence of the earnings gap. Five, 10, 15 years after graduation, after untold promotions and career changes spanning booms and busts, the unlucky graduates never closed the gap. Seventeen years after graduation, those who had entered the workforce during inhospitable times were still earning 10 percent less on average than those who had emerged into a more bountiful climate. […]
The article goes on to provide evidence that people who don’t establish themselves in the job market within two years tend to suffer long-term psychological and physical damage that continues to inhibit their careers even if they eventually find steady work, suffering from increased rates of alcoholism, depression, mortality, and apathy.
I hope things turn around before our students hit the job market.
Since the advent of new computer and network technologies, commentators have been worried that the “web” was changing our intellectual abilities, distracating us with superficial facts in short bursts of information, rather than engaging with lengthy analyses that require focused thought and longer attention spans.
Here is a smattering of opinion:
Peter Norvig. Google’s Research Director, not surprisingly, defends the merits of skimming, saying that it sets the stage for more prolonged mental effort. As to whether people want to make that effort, it remains up to them.
Dean Bubley, wireless industry consultant, says that the Web is merely the extension of a process that has been going on for millennia: using technology to free up our minds for other tasks.
“I think that certain tasks will be ‘offloaded’ to Google or other Internet services rather than performed in the mind, especially remembering minor details. But really, that’s a role that paper has taken over many centuries: did Gutenberg make us stupid?”
But there are those who endorse the “doom and gloom” scenario:
Andrew Nachison, cofounder of We Media, argues that access to so much digital knowledge might be edging out other kinds of knowing, leaving us to drown in a sea of facts.
Nick Carr. Carr sticks to his guns. It’s not that IQ scores are going down, but that the change in mental activity promoted by long exposure to Google and the Web has real problems.
As someone who engages in focused, lengthy analysis for a living I can’t say the new technologies have influenced my cognitive “style”. But the real danger I suppose is that these technologies could influence our reading preferences. If we get “intellectual payoff” from short bursts of information will we want to engage in deeper analyses anymore?
Some of the people interviewed predict we will lose our interest in longer pieces that require focused attention:
Clay Shirky, a professor at NYU and a prolific author himself, says that over the next decade, “Long-form expressive fiction will suffer (though this suffering has been more or less constant since the invention of radio) while all numeric and graphic forms of rendering knowledge, from the creation and use of databases to all forms of visual display of data will be in a golden age, with ordinary nonfiction writing getting a modest boost. So, English majors lose, engineering wins, and what looks like an Up or Down question says more about the demographic of the answerer than any prediction of the future.”
On the other hand, we may lose patience with lengthy stories or analyses that don’t repay the effort. This may make us less willing to invest the time in authors with no track record. New writers may have difficulty getting noticed.
This post is quite long. Congratulations if you made it to the end!
The title is “How an Ethics of Care Can Transform Politics.”
It is open to the public so if you are interested in politics, ethics, and their intersection (and you live in San Diego) check it out.
If the Dems get thrashed in November, it’ll be because they failed to do enough to help the economy and generally do things for people. The lesson they’ll learn is that Obama the socialist did too much and what the people care about is “deficits.”
This is indeed madness but what would you expect given that the mad are in control of our media and our political discourse?
Who are the Tea Partiers? February 15, 2010
The allegedly grass roots “tea party” movement has gotten lots of attention recently. Is it something new? A populist uprising against the establishment? A political force to be reckoned with?
18% of Americans identify themselves as Tea Party supporters; 55% say they know little about the movement. Since 62% view the GOP favorably and only 9% view the Democrats favorably, it is safe to say it is overwhelmingly made up of Republicans and a few independents. 80% have an unfavorable opinion of President Obama.
They are more likely than other Americans to oppose bank regulations, and less likely to blame the Bush Administration for budget deficits. Almost 50% believe, contrary to fact, that Obama has raised taxes.
They are, for the most part, conservative Republican voters, who have always been vocal and attracted lots of attention—but they now have a catchy new name.
Time, the Universe, and Everything? February 15, 2010
But most of these comprehensive theories fail to take into account one crucial factor: We’re creating them. It’s the biological creature that fashions the stories, that makes the observations, and that gives names to things. And therein lies the great expanse of our oversight, that until now, science hasn’t confronted the one thing that’s at once most familiar and most mysterious – consciousness.
There is of course another possibility: that Lanza is a philosophical idealist more than he is a natural scientist, at least in this context. We haven’t had many of those, and it would be entertaining to have a philosopher with a scientific background claim that the world is mainly mind rather than matter…

Taking a quick hiatus from the travel part of my life, there were actually real-life things happening at home while I was gone (life apparently goes on, WHAT)! Namely, my sister just had a baby, and she is our family's first grandchild/child, and she's probably only the world's most adorable baby.
All this was instantly forgotten after a night on my own personal cloud that my sister calls a guest bed, and an extended amount of time in the hot, TEMP-ADJUSTABLE, amazing, high-pressured shower. And doing a load of wash in the laundry machine. I miss you, laundry machine (my favorite chore!). Wait, they're not called laundry machines, are they..?
AND HERE IS THE MOST ADORABLE BABY EVER, Baby Linden!
And completely unbeknownst to us, the Monday I was in town was the famous Boston Marathon!
My mom also came to town for the last couple of days, and we all went marathon-watching! Baby Linds is enthralled, clearly.
Watching people run is hypnotizing. We were at Mile 26, so people know they're almost done, and it's kind of amazing to see them push through. Though not gonna lie, a lot of them look like they're on the struggle bus.
Ok, perhaps get ready for a zillion photos of the niece.
This baby is suspicious of everything and I love it
On a side note, Sherm's sister purchased the best gift of all time: Taylor Swift's greatest hits in lullaby form. I may or may not have spent an entire playtime with Linden making her sing and dance to Tay Swift Lullabies. You have to start them on the classics young.
So next, I'm headed back to South America - to Ecuador! I had this ticket booked way in advance, and no, it's not near the earthquake sites - though it is incredibly sad, and I will obviously see if I can be of use somewhere along the way. XO and see you all on the flip side!
Moment of the Day (just because it was insane):
So I was chilling in the food court, without a cup of Wendy's chili, when I saw a familiar face walk by me.

This is the 1st shot in the roll. There was something poetic about the scene at that time that triggered me to find my camera and come back for this pic.
Like the composition, but maybe it is not enough. This test of dynamic range shows that film is still not as good as my eyes :P. I saw a blue sky with clouds behind :)
Do you think they will turn off the surveillance camera after the last train? (taken in Pioneer MRT station)
Today (which is not the day that this post is published) is a pretty good day to write a blog about Christmas. The weather is nice and cool. It feels a little bit more like Christmas and sets your mood right in.
It started with a simple idea to take photos of Christmas trees in a few popular places in Singapore.
"Hmm, you want something special? Ah, let's create them in HDR. It'll be perfect for
Christmas lights." (this is in case you don't know what HDR is)
Many of my work are rejected. Some of them are actually my "all-time" favs. The photos shown in this post are some that got through. It is not about "being approved/ accepted", but it is good to hear your voice echoed. (haha, my writing sucks)
We had a walk around Orchard road last Saturday to see the decorations here this year.
This is about "Man and Women"...
One of the reasons I go back to film photography is to make BnW pictures on film, for real :)
I'm much inspired by those black and white (BnW) pictures from the past. There are some "mysterious" qualities in the photos: the tonality, the dynamic range and the film grain that are so pleasing to see. Reproducing such quality in digital photos has been a quest that I'm trying and has not yet "felt" it...
My first roll of BnW film, a Kodak T-Max 400, was mainly dedicated for some portraits of Phuong (Admiré). We spent one hour in the "studio" in our house, with a window light and one reflector. After sending the film to Fotohub lab for developing, I was really nervous about the outcome. Her birthday is coming and I don't want to disappoint her with all bad pictures... So when the lab called and told me that the photos were ready, my heart went fast and I ran immediately there.
Somehow this one in the roll becomes one of my favorites, together with the first photo. Taken on a night we were going out. Not technically good at all, but...
Well well well, it was only yesterday but I gotta write something while it's still hot. Yes, it was our first time at the Canon Photomarathon. After so many times missing the chance to join, we finally had a day running around from 9am to 6pm taking photos, going back for submission and then going out taking photos again. At the end of the day, our legs felt like falling off. Here's a snap of what happened.
In the end, we had something to represent the idea of blending 'faith in normal life'
Well, we really needed to re-charge at 3pm when energy level was at red alert. We decided not to go anywhere far from Suntec city so that we wouldn't be too tired to get back and submit the photos before 6.05pm, the final deadline. Many ideas came to mind but most of them were thrown out of the window because of feasibility. These were more or less from the idea of 'electronic charge' from our low energy minds :)).
Congratulations to all the winners and participants. It was a fun day. Hope to see you next time!
The last roll of film in 2010 or a look of Fujicol...

Attune has the most knowledgeable and experienced Dynamics AX experts to cater to the diverse business requirements. With years of experience in the industry, we have helped hundreds of clients unlock the maximum potential of Microsoft technologies.

The Works of John Adams, vol. 3 (Autobiography, Diary, Notes of a Debate in the Senate, Essays) - Online Library of Liberty
John Adams, The Works of John Adams, vol. 3 (Autobiography, Diary, Notes of a Debate in the Senate, Essays) [1851]
A 10 volume collection of Adams’ most important writings, letters, and state papers, edited by his grandson. Vol. 3 contains his Autobiography, Diary, Notes of a Debate in the Senate, and various essays.
ON THE PERMANENT SEAT OF GOVERNMENT.
INSTRUCTIONS OF THE TOWN OF BOSTON TO THEIR REPRESENTATIVES, 17 JUNE, 1768.
INSTRUCTIONS OF THE TOWN OF BOSTON TO THEIR REPRESENTATIVES, 15 MAY, 1769.
THE WORKS of JOHN ADAMS, SECOND PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: with A LIFE OF THE AUTHOR. NOTES AND ILLUSTRATIONS.
I. Autobiography continued . . . . . . . page 3
III. Notes of a Debate in the Senate of the United States . 407
Instructions of the Town of Braintree to their Representative, 1765 . . . . . . . . . 465
Instructions of the Town of Boston to their Representatives, 1769 . . . . . . . . . . 505
On the Independence of the Judiciary a Controversy between W. Brattle and J. Adams, 1773 . . . . 513
A. On the Powers of the Senate in appointing Ambassadors and fixing the Grade, by Thomas Jefferson, 1790 . . . . . . . . . . . 575
I have omitted some things in 1775, which must be inserted.1 On the eighteenth of September, it was resolved in Congress,—
“That a secret committee be appointed to contract for the importation and delivery of a quantity of gunpowder, not exceeding five hundred tons.
“That in case such a quantity of gunpowder cannot be procured, to contract for the importation of so much saltpetre, with a proportionable quantity of sulphur, as with the powder procured will make five hundred tons.
“That the said committee be empowered to draw on the treasurer to answer the said contracts, and
“That the said committee consist of nine members, any five of whom to be a quorum.
On Wednesday, November 29th, it was†
“Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed for the sole purpose of corresponding with our friends in Great Britain, Ireland, and other parts of the world, and that they lay their correspondence before Congress when directed.
“Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed to prepare a plan for Edition: current; Page: [7] intercepting two vessels which are on their way to Canada, laden with arms and powder, and that the committee proceed on this business immediately.”
“The committee appointed to prepare a plan for intercepting the two vessels bound to Canada, brought in a report, which was taken into consideration; whereupon,
“That a letter be written to the said Honorable Council, to put the said vessels under the General’s command and direction, and to furnish him instantly with every necessary in their power, at the expense of the Continent.
“That a letter be written to Governor Cooke, informing him of the above, desiring him to despatch one or both the armed vessels of the Colony of Rhode Island on the same service, and that he use the precautions above mentioned.
“Friday, October 6. The committee appointed to prepare a plan, &c. brought in a further report, which was read.
“Ordered, to lie on the table for the perusal of the members.”
“Friday, October 13. The Congress, taking into consideration the report of the committee appointed to propose a plan, &c. after some debate,
“Resolved, That another vessel be fitted out for the same purposes, and that the said committee report their opinion of a proper vessel, and also an estimate of the expense.
“Resolved, That the further consideration of the report, be referred to Monday next.
“Monday, October 30. The committee appointed to prepare an estimate, and to fit out the vessels, brought in their report, which, being taken into consideration,
“Resolved, That the second vessel, ordered to be fitted out on the 13th instant, be of such a size as to carry fourteen guns and a proportionate number of swivels and men.
“Resolved, That two more vessels be fitted out with all expedition, the one to carry not exceeding twenty guns, and the other not exceeding thirty-six guns, with a proportionable number of swivels and men, to be employed in such manner, for the protection and defence of the United Colonies, as the Congress shall direct.
“Resolved, That four members be chosen and added to the former committee of three, and that these seven be a committee to carry into execution, with all possible expedition, as well the resolutions of Congress, passed the 13th instant, as those passed this day, for fitting out armed vessels.
This committee immediately procured a room in a public house in the city, and agreed to meet every evening at six o’clock, in order to despatch this business with all possible celerity.
On the 10th of November, Congress
“Ordered that a copy of the above be transmitted to the General.
“Thursday, November 23. The committee, for fitting out armed vessels, laid before Congress a draught of rules for the government of the American navy, and articles to be signed by the officers and men employed in that service, which were read, and ordered to lie on the table for the perusal of the members.
“Saturday, November 25. Congress resumed the consideration of the report of the committee on General Washington’s letter, and the same being debated by paragraphs, was agreed to as follows.
“And whereas the good people of these Colonies, sensibly affected by the destruction of their property, and other unprovoked injuries, have at last determined to prevent as much as possible a repetition thereof, and to procure some reparation for the same, by fitting out armed vessels and ships of force; in the execution of which commendable designs it is possible that those who have not been instrumental in the unwarrantable violences above mentioned may suffer, unless some laws be made to regulate, and tribunals erected competent to determine the propriety of captures. Therefore, Resolved,—
It is necessary that I should be a little more particular, in Edition: current; Page: [13] relating the rise and progress of the new government of the States.
Congress, however, ordered the letter to lie on the table for further consideration.
On Saturday, June 3d, the letter from the convention of the Massachusetts Bay, dated the 16th of May, being again read, the subject was again discussed, and then,
“Resolved, That a committee of five persons be chosen, to consider the same, and report what in their opinion is the proper advice to be given to that Convention.”
The following persons were chosen by ballot, to compose that committee, namely, Mr. J. Rutledge, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Jay, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Lee. These gentlemen had several conferences with the delegates from our State, in the course of which, I suppose, the hint was suggested, that they adopted in their report.
“On motion, Resolved, That Thursday, the 20th of July next, be observed throughout the twelve United Colonies as a day of humiliation, fasting, and prayer; and that Mr. Hooper, Mr. J. Adams, and Mr. Paine, be a committee to bring in a resolve for that purpose.
“The committee appointed to prepare advice, in answer to the letter from the Convention of Massachusetts Bay, brought in their report, which was read and ordered to lie on the table for consideration.
“Ordered, That the President transmit a copy of the above to the Convention of Massachusetts Bay.”
On Wednesday, October 18th, the delegates from New Hampshire laid before the Congress a part of the instructions delivered to them by their Colony, in these words:—
“We would have you immediately use your utmost endeavors to obtain the advice and direction of the Congress, with respect to a method for our administering justice, and regulating our civil police. We press you not to delay this matter, as its being done speedily will probably prevent the greatest confusion among us.”
2. The danger of insurrections in some of the most disaffected parts of the Colonies, in favor of the enemy, or as they called them, the mother country, an expression that I thought it high time to erase out of our language.
3. Communications and intercourse with the enemy, from various parts of the continent could not be wholly prevented, while any of the powers of government remained in the hands of the King’s servants.
4. It could not well be considered as a crime to communicate intelligence, or to act as spies or guides to the enemy, without assuming all the powers of government.
6. The absurdity of carrying on war against a king, when so many persons were daily taking oaths and affirmations of allegiance to him.
8. Foreign nations, particularly France and Spain, would not think us worthy of their attention while we appeared to be deceived by such fallacious hopes of redress of grievances, of pardon for our offences, and of reconciliation with our enemies.
9. We could not command the natural resources of our own country. We could not establish manufactories of arms, cannon, saltpetre, powder, ships, &c., without the powers of government; and all these and many other preparations ought to be going on in every State or Colony, if you will, in the country.
“Resolved, That the consideration of this matter be referred to Monday next.
Monday arrived, and Tuesday and Wednesday passed over, and Congress not yet willing to do any thing.
Although this committee was entirely composed of members as well disposed to encourage the enterprise as could have been found in Congress, yet they could not be brought to agree upon a report and to bring it forward in Congress, till Friday, November 3d, when Congress, taking into consideration the report of the committee on the New Hampshire instructions, after another long deliberation and debate,—
By this time I mortally hated the words, “Province,” “Colonies,” and “Mother Country,” and strove to get them out of the report. The last was indeed left out, but the other two were retained even by this committee, who were all as high Americans as any in the house, unless Mr. Gadsden should be excepted. Nevertheless, I thought this resolution a triumph, and a most important point gained.
“Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed to take the same into consideration, and report what in their opinion is necessary to be done. The members chosen, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Chase, and Mr. S. Adams.
“The committee appointed to take into consideration the State of South Carolina, brought in their report, which being read,” a number of resolutions passed, the last of which will be found in page 235 of the Journals, at the bottom.
“On the same day, Congress took into consideration the report from the committee of the whole House, and, after debate, resolved that it be recommitted.
“Resolved, That Congress will to-morrow morning resolve itself into a committee Edition: current; Page: [29] of the whole, to take into consideration the propriety of opening the ports, and the restrictions and regulations of trade of these Colonies, after the first of March next.”
“After some time spent, Mr. Ward reported, that, not having come to a conclusion, the committee asked leave to sit again; granted.”
“The committee to whom the letters from Generals Arnold, Wooster, Schuyler, and Lee, were referred, brought in their report, which was agreed to in the several resolutions detailed in the Journal of this day.*
“Resolved, That Congress will, on Tuesday next, resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to take into consideration the propriety of opening the ports,” &c.
On Monday, February 19th, Congress attended an oration in honor of General Montgomery, and the officers and soldiers who fell with him.
On Tuesday, February 20th, and on Wednesday, February 21st, means were contrived to elude the committee of the whole House.
“Friday, February 23. Resolved, That Congress will on Monday next resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to take into consideration the letters from General Washington.
Monday, February 26th, arrived, and
“On Tuesday, February 27. The order of the day was renewed, but nothing done.
“Wednesday, February 28. The committee to whom the letters from General Lee, &c. were referred, brought in their report. Resolved, That the consideration of it be postponed till to-morrow.”
“Resolved, That this Congress will, to-morrow, resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to take into further consideration the letter from General Washington, and the trade of the Colonies.”
“Resolved, That this Congress will to-morrow resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to take into consideration the letter of General Washington, of the 14th, with the papers inclosed.
“Resolved, That the letter from General Washington, so far as it has not been considered by the committee of the whole, be referred to the committee to whom his other letters of the 24th and 30th of January were referred.
“Wednesday, March 6. A letter from General Washington, of the 26th of February, was read. Resolved, That it be referred to the committee to whom his other letters are referred. The order of the day renewed.
“Thursday, March 7. The order of the day was renewed.
“Saturday, March 9. The committee appointed to prepare instructions for the commissioners going to Canada, brought in a draught, which was read.
Wednesday, March 13. Although the system had been so long pursued to postpone all the great political questions, and take up any other business of however trifling consequence, yet we were daily urging on the order of the day, and on this day we succeeded.
“Ordered, That a copy of the foregoing resolution be transmitted, by the delegates of each Colony, to their respective Assemblies, Conventions, or Councils or Committees of Safety.”
“Congress resolved itself into a committee of the whole, to take into consideration the State of New York, and, after some time, the President resumed the chair, and Mr. Harrison reported that the committee have come to certain resolutions.”
These may be seen in the Journal, and relate wholly to the defence of New York.
“Mr. W. Livingston brought in a proclamation for a fast on the 17th of May.
“Congress resolved itself into a committee of the whole, according to the standing order of the day. Mr. Harrison reported no resolution.”
“The order of the day again. Mr. Harrison reported that the committee have come to sundry resolutions, which they directed him to lay before Congress. The report of the committee being read,
“Resolved, That it be an instruction to the said committee to receive and insert a clause or clauses, that all seamen and mariners on board of merchantships Edition: current; Page: [36] and vessels taken and condemned as prizes shall be entitled to their pay, according to the terms of their contracts, until the time of condemnation.”
These resolutions I introduced and supported, not only for their intrinsic utility, which I thought would be very considerable, but because they held up to the view of the nation the air of independence.
“Congress took into consideration the declaration brought in by the committee, and, after debate, the further consideration of it, at the request of a Colony, was postponed till to-morrow.”
Saturday, March 23. The Congress resumed the consideration of the declaration, which was agreed to as follows.
“Resolved, That the inhabitants of these Colonies be permitted to fit out armed vessels, to cruise on the enemies of these United Colonies.
Resolved, That this Congress will, on Monday next, resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to take into consideration the trade of the United Colonies; and that sundry motions offered by the members from Massachusetts Bay, Maryland, and Virginia, be referred to said committee.
On Monday, March 25th, I made a motion, and laid it in writing on the table, in these words,—
Tuesday, March 26. Congress were informed of the death of Governor Ward, and on
Wednesday, March 27th, they attended his funeral, in mourning for a month. In this gentleman, who died of the small-pox, we lost an honorable, a conscientious, a benevolent, and inflexible patriot.
Thursday, March 28. A multitude of details, but no committee of the whole house.
Friday, March 29. More trifles, but no committee of the whole.
“The committee appointed to prepare a letter of thanks to General Washington, and the officers and soldiers under his command, brought in a draught, which was read and agreed to.
“Ordered, That it be transcribed, signed by the President, and forwarded.”
April 3. Great things were done. The naval system made great progress.
April 4. We did great things again.
“The resolutions agreed to by the committee of the whole Congress being read,
“Ordered, To lie on the table.”
These resolutions are on the Journals, and amount to something. They opened the ports, and set our commerce at liberty, but they were far short of what had been moved by members from Massachusetts, Maryland, and Virginia. There is one resolution I will not omit.
“Resolved, That no slaves be imported into any of the thirteen Colonies.”
I will not omit to remark here the manifest artifice in concealing in the Journals the motions which were made, and the Edition: current; Page: [40] names of the members who made them, in these daily committees of the whole. The spirit of a party, which has been before exposed, can alone account for this unfairness.
“Resolved, That the letter from General Washington, with the papers inclosed, be referred to a committee of the whole Congress.”
Tuesday, April 9. No committee of the whole.
“Resolved, That the letters from General Washington, be referred to a committee of the whole Congress.”
“Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed to inquire into the truth of the report respecting Governor Tryon’s exacting an oath from persons going by the packet, and to ascertain the fact by affidavits taken before a chief justice, or other chief magistrate.
“Resolved, That it be recommended to the several Assemblies, Conventions, and Committees or Councils of Safety of the United Colonies, to use their best endeavors in communicating to foreign nations the resolutions of Congress relative to trade.”
This, also, was a considerable advance; but it would now be scarcely credited if I were to relate the struggle it cost us to obtain every one of these resolutions.
April 15. No committee of the whole.
“The committee to whom General Washington’s letter of the 15th instant, as well as other letters, were referred, brought in their report, which being taken into consideration was agreed to, whereupon, Resolved.”*
“The committee to whom the letters from General Washington, General Schuyler, and the letters from Canada, &c., were referred, brought in their report.”
“Congress resolved itself into a committee of the whole, to take into their farther consideration, the letter from General Washington of the 27th of March last, and the papers therein inclosed, and Mr. Harrison reported that the committee Edition: current; Page: [42] had come to a resolution on the matters referred to them, which he read and delivered in.”
Monday, April 29. Congress resumed the consideration of the report of the committee on General Washington’s letter of the 20th, and came to sundry resolutions which may be seen on the Journal.
“Congress took into consideration the report of the Committee on General Washington’s letter of the 24th of March, whereupon, Resolved,”
As in the Journal. Of some importance, but nothing to the great objects still kept out of sight.
“The committee to whom the report on General Washington’s letter of the 24th of March last was recommitted, brought in their report, which was read;
“Congress resumed the consideration of the report on General Washington’s letter of the 24th of March, and thereupon came to the following resolution;
“Resolved, That General Washington be informed, that Congress suppose, if commissioners are intended to be sent from Great Britain to treat of peace, that the practice usual in such cases will be observed, by making previous application Edition: current; Page: [43] for the necessary passports or safe conduct, and on such application being made, Congress will then direct the proper measures for the reception of such commissioners.”
“That the said Committee have power to send for witnesses and papers.
“Congress resumed the consideration of the resolution reported from the committee of the whole, and the same was agreed to as follows;
“A petition from John Jacobs, in behalf of himself and others, was presented to Congress and read.
“Ordered, that it be referred to a committee of three. The members chosen, Mr. John Adams, Mr. Lee, and Mr. Rutledge.
This day’s Journal of this Committee shows with what art other matters were referred to these committees of the whole, in order to retard and embarrass the great questions.
William Ellery, Esq., appeared as a delegate from Rhode Island, in the place of Governor Ward, and being an excellent member, fully supplied his place. The Committee appointed to prepare a preamble, thought it not necessary to be very elaborate, and Mr. Lee and Mr. Rutledge desired me, as chairman, to draw something very short, which I did, and, with their approbation, on Wednesday, May 15th, reported the following, which was agreed to.
“Ordered, that the said preamble, with the resolution passed the 10th instant, be published.”
Mr. Duane called it to me, a machine for the fabrication of independence.1 I said, smiling, I thought it was independence itself, but we must have it with more formality yet.
“Resolved, That the President write to General Washington, requesting him to repair to Philadelphia, as soon as he can conveniently, in order to consult with Congress upon such measures as may be necessary for the carrying on the ensuing campaign.
“Resolved, That the resolutions respecting the battalions be referred to a committee of five.
“The committee, to whom the letter of the 10th from General Lee was referred, brought in their report, which was read, and after some debate,
“Resolved, That the farther consideration thereof be postponed till the arrival of General Washington.
“The committee to whom the letters from General Washington, Major-General Schuyler, and the commissioners in Canada were referred, brought in their report, which was read.
“Resolved, That the consideration thereof be postponed till to-morrow.
“The committee appointed to confer with His Excellency General Washington, Major-General Gates, and Brigadier-General Mifflin, brought in their report.*
“Agreeable to order, General Washington attended in Congress, and after some conference with him.
“Resolved, That he be directed to attend again to-morrow.
Thus, as postponement and embarrassment had been for many months the object, we now had all our business to go over again.
“A number of deputies from four of the Six Nations of Indians having arrived in town, and notified Congress that they are desirous of an audience,
“Resolved, That they be admitted to an audience on Monday next at eleven o’clock.”
“Agreeable to order, the Indians were admitted to an audience.
“The committee appointed to confer with the Generals, brought in a report which was read and considered. Resolved, That the farther consideration of the report be postponed till to-morrow.
“Congress took into consideration the report of the committee appointed to confer with the Generals. Resolved, That it be referred to a committee of the Edition: current; Page: [51] whole Congress. Mr. Harrison reported one resolution relative to the defence of New York. Leave to sit again.”
“The committee of conference brought in a farther report, which was read.
“Resolved, That it be referred to the committee of the whole Congress.
“Resolved, That Robert Hanson Harrison, Esq., have the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel in the Continental army. The General’s secretary, as I suppose.
“Resolved, That the consideration of them be referred till to-morrow morning, and that the members be enjoined to attend punctually at ten o’clock, in order to take the same into their consideration.”
“Resolved, That a committee be appointed to prepare and digest the form of a confederation to be entered into between these Colonies.
“That a committee be appointed to prepare a plan of treaties to be proposed to foreign powers.
“Congress took into consideration the report of the committee on the war-office, whereupon,
“Resolved, That a committee of Congress be appointed, by the name of a board of war and ordnance, to consist of five members.”1
In order to show the insupportable burden of business that was thrown upon me by this Congress, it is necessary to transcribe from the Journals an account of the constitution, powers, and duties of this board.
“That they shall superintend the raising, fitting out, and despatching, all such land forces as may be ordered for the service of the United Colonies.
“That they shall have the care and direction of all prisoners of war, agreeable to the orders and regulations of Congress.
From this time, we find in almost every day’s Journal references of various business to the board of war, or their reports upon such things as were referred to them.
“Resolved, That this Congress will resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to take into consideration the resolution respecting independency.
“That the declaration be referred to said committee.
“The Congress resolved itself into a committee of the whole. After some time, the President resumed the chair, and Mr. Harrison reported, that the committee had come to a resolution, which they desired him to report, and to move for leave to sit again.
“The resolution, agreed to by the committee of the whole, being read, the determination thereof was, at the request of a Colony, postponed till to-morrow.”
No member rose to answer him, and after waiting some time, Edition: current; Page: [55] in hopes that some one less obnoxious than myself, who had been all along for a year before, and still was, represented and believed to be the author of all the mischief, would move, I determined to speak.
“Resolved, That Dr. Franklin, Mr. J. Adams, and Mr. Jefferson, be a committee to prepare a device for a seal for the United States of America.”
“A letter from Mr. Jay, and two letters from the Convention of New York, of the 11th, with sundry papers inclosed, among which were the following resolutions.
“Resolved, unanimously, that the reasons assigned by the Continental Congress for declaring the United Colonies free and independent States are cogent and conclusive, and that while we lament the cruel necessity which has rendered that measure unavoidable, we approve the same, and will, at the risk of our lives and fortunes, join with the other Colonies in supporting it.
“Resolved, unanimously, that the delegates of this State in the Continental Congress be, and they hereby are, authorized to concert and adopt all such measures as they may deem conducive to the happiness and welfare of America.”
The daily references to the Board of War, rendered it necessary for me to spend almost my whole time in it, on mornings, till Congress met, and on evenings, till late at night. The Journals will show some of the results of the tedious details. There is one report, which may be mentioned here.
“The board of war, to whom the letter of General Washington, of the 14th, was referred, brought in their report, which was taken into consideration; whereupon,
“Resolved, That General Washington, in refusing to receive a letter said to be sent from Lord Howe, addressed to ‘George Washington, Esq.,’ acted with a dignity becoming his station; and therefore, this Congress do highly approve the same; and do direct that no letter or message be received, on any occasion Edition: current; Page: [60] whatsoever, from the enemy, by the commander-in-chief, or others, the commanders of the American army, but such as shall be directed to them in the characters they respectively sustain.
An excellent member, whose education, manners, and application to business and to study, did honor to his fortune, the first in America.
“The committee appointed to prepare a plan of treaties to be entered into with foreign states and kingdoms, brought in a report, which was read;
“The board of war brought in a report, which was taken into consideration; whereupon, Resolved,* . . .
“The committee appointed to prepare a resolution for subjecting to confiscation the property of the subjects of Great Britain, &c., brought in the same, which was read;
“Ordered, To lie on the table, and that the same be taken into consideration on Monday next.
“The committee to whom the letters from Lord Howe to Mr. Franklin, &c., were referred, brought in a report, which was taken into consideration; whereupon,
“Resolved, That the letter from General Lee, with the papers inclosed, which were received and read yesterday, be referred to the board of war.
“Resolved, That it be referred to the board of war.
“The board of war brought in a report, which was taken into consideration; whereupon, Resolved, as in the Journal.
“The delegates of Pennsylvania produced credentials of a new appointment, made on the 20th of July.*
“Resolved, That this Congress will to-morrow again resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to take into their farther consideration the articles of confederation.”
Tuesday, July 23d, was employed in making references to the board of war, and in receiving, considering, and adopting their reports, as may be seen in the Journal.
Also in a committee of the whole on the articles of confederation.
“The Congress took into consideration the report of the committee appointed to prepare a resolution for confiscating the property of the subjects of Great Britain; whereupon,
“The board of war brought in their report, which was taken into consideration; whereupon, Resolved, as in the Journal.”
“Resolved, That Colonel Knox’s plan for raising another battalion of artillery, be approved, and carried into execution as soon as possible.
A committee of the whole on the articles of confederation, but no progress.
Then a list of letters from General Washington and others referred to the board of war.
Thursday, July 25. A memorial from sundry officers who served in Canada, referred to the board of war.
Committee of the whole on the articles of confederation.
Friday, July 26. A committee of the whole on the articles of the confederation. Mr. Morton in the chair.
The board of war brought in a report, which was taken into consideration, whereupon, Resolved, as in the Journal.
Committee of the whole on the articles of confederation. Mr. Morton in the chair.
Tuesday, July 30. Two reports from the board of war, with resolutions in consequence of them, as in the Journal.
Wednesday, July 31. The board of war brought in a report, which was taken into consideration, whereupon, Resolved, as in the Journal.
A committee of the whole on the articles of confederation. Mr. Morton in the chair.
The board of war brought in two reports which were accepted, as in the Journal.
Friday, August 2. The board of war brought in a report which was accepted, as in the Journal.
“A letter from Neil McLean, referred to the board of war.”
“The board of war brought in a report, which was taken into consideration; whereupon,
“That Lieutenant-Colonel Rufus Putnam be appointed an engineer, with the rank of Colonel, and pay of sixty dollars a month.”
“Resolved, That the pay of an assistant clerk to the board of war, be two hundred and sixty-six dollars and two thirds, a year.
“Resolved, That they be referred to the board of war.
“A committee of the whole on the articles of confederation. Mr. Morton in the chair.”
“A report from the board of war, as in the Journal.
“The board of war directed to see certain resolutions carried into effect.
“The board of war brought in a report, which was read;
“The board of war brought in a report which was taken into consideration; whereupon,
“Resolved, That William Tudor, Judge Advocate General, have the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel in the army of the United States; and that he be ordered immediately to repair to the discharge of his duty at New York.”
“Resolved, That the letter from General Washington, with the papers inclosed, be referred to the board of war.”
Commodore Hopkins had his hearing, as in the Journal. On this occasion I had a very laborious task against all the prejudices of the gentlemen from the Southern and Middle States, and of many from New England. I thought, however, that Hopkins had done great service, and made an important beginning of naval operations.
The record in the Journal stands as follows:
“The board of war brought in a report, which was taken into consideration, whereupon, Resolved, as in the Journal.
“A letter of the 12th, from Brigadier General Mercer, was read.
“Congress took into consideration the articles of war, and after some time spent thereon, the farther consideration thereof was postponed till to-morrow.
“A letter of the 12th, from General Washington, with a return of the army at New York, and sundry other papers inclosed, being received, was read; also, sundry letters from England were read;
“Resolved, That the letter from General Washington, with the papers inclosed, be referred to the board of war.
“The board of war brought in a report, which was taken into consideration, whereupon, Resolved, as in the Journal.”
“The board of war brought in a report which was taken into consideration, whereupon, Resolved, as in the Journal.”
“Resolved, That the said Commodore Hopkins, during his cruise to the southward, did not pay due regard to the tenor of his instructions, whereby he was expressly directed to annoy the enemy’s ships upon the coasts of the Southern States, and that his reasons for not going from Providence immediately to the Carolinas are by no means satisfactory.
“Congress resumed the consideration of the report of the Committee to whom was referred Brigadier General Wooster’s letter, requesting an inquiry into his conduct, while he had the honor of commanding the continental forces in Canada, which was read as follows:—
The board of war brought in a report, which was taken into consideration, whereupon, Resolved, as in all the rest of the Journal.
“Letters from General Washington, referred to the board of war. A letter of the 14th, from Commodore Hopkins, was read, whereupon.
“Congress resumed the consideration of the articles of war, as revised by the committee for that purpose appointed, and after some time spent thereon, the further consideration thereof was postponed.”
“A committee of the whole on the articles of confederation. Mr. Morton reported that the committee had gone through the same, and agreed to sundry articles, which he was ordered to submit to Congress.
“A petition from Prudhomme La Jeunesse was read, and referred to the board of war.
“The committee to whom part of the report from the committee on spies was Edition: current; Page: [71] recommitted, having brought in a report, the same was taken into consideration, whereupon,
“Ordered, That the above resolution be printed at the end of the rules and articles of war.
“Resolved, That the letter from General Washington read yesterday, and that of the 12th, with the papers inclosed, be referred to the board of war.
“Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed to revise the resolutions of Congress, respecting the place where prizes are to be carried into, and to bring in such further resolutions as to them shall seem proper.
“The board of war brought in a report, which was read.
“The committee to whom the letter, from General Washington, of the 18th was referred, brought in a report, which was read. Ordered, To lie on the table.
“A letter of the 21st, from General Washington, inclosing a copy of a letter from him to Lord Howe, together with his lordship’s answer, was read.
“Resolved, That the same be referred to the board of war, with orders to publish the General’s letter to Lord Howe, and His Lordship’s answer.
“Three letters of the 22d and 23d, from General Washington, with sundry papers inclosed, a letter from William Finnie, deputy quartermaster-general of the Southern department, were read and referred to the board of war.
“A letter of the 23d, from General Mercer, was read and referred to the board of war.
“The board of war brought in a report, which was taken into consideration, whereupon, Resolved—See the several resolutions in the Journal.
“The committee to whom the letter from Colonel Wilson was referred, brought in a report, which was taken into consideration, whereupon, Congress came to the following resolutions.*
“A committee of the whole on the plan of foreign treaties. Mr. Nelson reported that the committee had gone through the same, and made sundry amendments.
“A petition from the deputy commissary-general was read, and referred to the board of war.
“Resolved, That the committee to whom the plan of treaties with the amendments was recommitted, be empowered to prepare such further instructions, as to them shall seem proper, and make report thereof to Congress.
“A memorial from Mr. Kosciusko was read, and referred to the board of war.
“Resolved, That the board of war be directed to prepare and bring in a plan of military operations for the next campaign.”
“That, though he could not at present treat with Congress as such, yet he was very desirous of having a conference with some of the members whom he would consider, for the present, only as private gentlemen, and meet them himself as such, at such place as they should appoint.
“That he, in conjunction with General Howe, had full powers to compromise the dispute between Great Britain and America, upon terms advantageous to both: the obtaining of which delayed him near two months in England, and prevented his arrival at this place, before the declaration of independency took place. That he wished a compact might be settled at this time, when no decisive blow was struck, and neither party could say that they were compelled to enter into such agreement.
“That in case Congress were disposed to treat, many things which they had not as yet asked, might and ought to be granted them, and that if, upon the conference, they found any probable ground of accommodation, the authority of Congress must be afterwards acknowledged, otherwise the compact would not be complete.”
“The board of war brought in a report which was read, and a number of resolutions adopted upon it, which see in the Journal.”
“Congress took into consideration the report of the board of war, and after some time spent thereon,
“Resolved, That the farther consideration thereof be postponed till to-morrow.
“A petition referred to the board of war.
“Resolved, That a copy of the first of the two foregoing resolutions be delivered to General Sullivan, and that he be directed to repair immediately to Lord Howe.
“Resolved, That to-morrow be assigned for electing the committee.”
“Resolved, That the committee ‘to be sent to know whether Lord Howe has any authority to treat with persons authorized by Congress for that purpose in behalf of America, and what that authority is, and to hear such propositions as he shall think fit to make respecting the same,’ consist of three.
“A letter of the 5th from Charles Preston, Major of the 26th regiment, a prisoner, was read and referred to the board of war.
“Resolved, That a copy of the resolutions passed by Congress on the message brought by General Sullivan, and the names of the committee appointed, be sent to General Washington.
“Resolved, That all letters to and from the board of war and ordnance, or Edition: current; Page: [75] the secretary of the same, be free of all expense in the post-office of the United States, &c.”
“Resolved, That in all continental commissions and other instruments, where heretofore the words “United Colonies” have been used, the style be altered for the future to the “United States.”
The house had been the habitation of military guards, and was as dirty as a stable; but his lordship had prepared a large handsome room, by spreading a carpet of moss and green sprigs, from bushes and shrubs in the neighborhood, till he had made it not only wholesome, but romantically elegant; and he entertained us with good claret, good bread, cold ham, tongues, and mutton.
I will now proceed to relate the sequel of this conference: 1st, from the Journal of Congress; 2d, from the letters written to some of my friends at the time; 3d, a circumstance or two, which are not preserved in the Journals or letters.
“The committee appointed to confer with Lord Howe, having returned, made a verbal report.
“Ordered, That they make a report, in writing, as soon as conveniently they can.”
“The committee appointed to confer with Lord Howe, agreeable to the order of Congress, brought in a report in writing, which was read, as follows:
“In obedience to the orders of Congress, we have had a meeting with Lord Edition: current; Page: [78] Howe. It was on Wednesday last, upon Staten Island, opposite to Amboy, where his lordship received and entertained us with the utmost politeness.
“His lordship then, saying that he was sorry to find that no accommodation was like to take place, put an end to the conference.
I return to the Journal of Congress.
“A committee of the whole to take into consideration a report of the board of war. Mr. Nelson reported no resolutions.”
“The board of war brought in a report, which was taken into consideration, whereupon nine resolutions were adopted.*
“A letter of the 9th, from General Lee to the board of war, was laid before Congress, and read.”
“Resolved, That to-morrow be assigned for taking into consideration the articles of war.”
“Sundry resolutions being moved and seconded, in addition to those passed yesterday, relative to the new army. After debate.
“The board of war brought in a report, which was taken into consideration, and six resolutions adopted from it, which appear on the Journal. The remainder of the report postponed.
“Resolved, That the board of war be directed to prepare a resolution for enforcing and perfecting discipline in the army.
“Congress took into consideration the instructions to the commissioners, &c.”
These, I suppose, were the ministers to France and other courts in Europe.
“The board of war brought in a report, which was taken into consideration, and five resolutions adopted from it, which see in the Journal. The last of these is in these words.
This was another measure that I constantly urged on with all the zeal and industry possible, convinced that nothing short of the Roman and British discipline could possibly save us.
“Congress resumed the consideration of the articles of war, which, being debated in paragraphs, were agreed to as follows:—
“Ordered, That the foregoing articles of war be immediately published.
“Ordered, That the resolutions for raising the new army be published, and copies thereof sent to the commanding officers in the several departments, and to the Assemblies and Conventions of the respective States.”
“Ordered, That the letter from Dr. Shippen be referred to the medical committee, and the rest to the board of war.
“The board of war brought in a report, which was read. Ordered, To lie on the table.
“The board of war brought in a further report. Ordered, To lie on the table.
“Congress resumed the consideration of the instructions to the commissioners, and the same being debated by paragraphs, and amended, were agreed to.”
These instructions were recorded only on the Secret Journal, and are not, therefore, in my power. They may be found, no doubt, at the seat of government, in the office of the Secretary of State.1
“Congress took into consideration the report of the board of war, whereupon, Resolved, &c.”‡
“Ordered, That the letters from General Washington be referred to a committee of five.
“Ordered, That the secret committee deliver to the board of war the care and custody of all arms, ammunition, and other warlike stores, now under their care, or that may hereafter be imported or purchased by them for account of the United States of America.”
“The board of war, to whom the petition of William McCue was referred, brought in a report, whereupon, Resolved, as in the Journal.”
“Resolved, That the board of war be empowered and directed, on requisition of the General or commanding officers in the several departments, to send such articles of military stores and other necessaries, which they may have in their possession, or can procure.
“Resolved, That the board of war be directed to order the three Virginia battalions, now on their march to New York, to be lodged in the barracks at Wilmington; there to remain till further orders.
“Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed to prepare and bring in a plan of a military academy at the army.
Some time in the month of October, 1776,—I cannot from the Journals, ascertain the day,1—worn down with continual application, through all the heats of a summer in Philadelphia, anxious for the state of my family, and desirous of conferring with my constituents on the critical and dangerous state of affairs at home, I asked leave of Congress to be absent, which they readily granted.
I was almost out of patience waiting for the frigate till the thirteenth day of February, 1778.
14. Saturday. A very fine morning; the wind at north-west. At daybreak, orders were given for the ship to unmoor. My lodging was a cot, with a double mattress, a good bolster, my own sheets, and blankets enough; my little son with me. We lay very comfortably, and slept well. A violent gale of wind in the night.
Thus I find myself invested with the unexpected trust of a kind of guardianship of two promising young gentlemen, besides my own son. This benevolent office is peculiarly agreeable to my temper. Few things have ever given me greater pleasure than the tuition of youth to the bar, and the advancement of merit.
The weather is fair, and the wind right, and we are again weighing anchor in order to put to sea.
18. Wednesday. Last night, about sunset, we sailed out of Marblehead harbor, and have had a fine wind from that time to this, twenty-four hours. The constant rolling and rocking of the ship, last night, made us all sick. Half the sailors were so. My young gentlemen, Jesse and Johnny, were taken about twelve o’clock last night, and have been very sea-sick ever since. I was seized with it myself this forenoon. My servant, Joseph Stevens, and the captain’s Will, have both been very bad.
20. Friday. In the morning nothing to be seen, but soon after, another sail discovered ahead, which is supposed to be the same.1
21. Saturday; 22. Sunday; and 23. Monday; exhibited such scenes as were new to me. We lost sight of our enemy, it is true, but we found ourselves in the Gulf stream, in the Edition: current; Page: [100] midst of an épouvantable orage; the wind north-east, then north, and then north-west.
These manuals come out annually, and are to be had in any of the great towns in France.
March 1. Sunday. Discovered that our mainmast was sprung in two places; one beneath the main deck, where if the mast had wholly failed in the late storm, it must have torn up the main deck, and the ship must have foundered. This is one among many instances, in which it has already appeared that our safety has not depended on ourselves.
A fine wind all day and night. Somewhat sea-sick. The ship was very quiet and still, no disturbance, little noise. I hope for the future we shall carry less sail, especially of nights, and at all times when we are not in chase.
2. Monday. A fair wind still, and a pleasant morning. The color of the water, which is green, not blue, as it has been for many days past, the appearance of large flocks of gulls and various other birds, convinced the knowing ones to-day, that we were not far from the Grand Bank of Newfoundland. The captain, however, thinks it thirty-five leagues to the northwest of us.
Our mast was yesterday repaired with two large fishes, as they call them; that is, large oaken planks, cut for the purpose, and put on. It seems now as firm as ever. The sailors are very superstitious. They say the ship has been so unfortunate that they really believe there is some woman on board. Women are the unluckiest creatures in the world at sea, &c.
This evening the wind is very fresh, and the ship sails at a great rate. We are out of the reach, I hope, of the gulf stream and British cruisers, two evils which I have great aversion to.
Our course is about north-east. Showers in the night and this morning. The flocks of gulls still pursuing us. This morning, Mr. Parison breakfasted with us. Our captain in gay spirits, chattering in French, Spanish, Portuguese, German, Dutch, Greek, and boasting that he could speak some words in every language. He told us he had ordered two more fishes upon the mainmast, to cover the flaws above deck. The captain, lieutenants, master, mates, and midshipmen, are now making Edition: current; Page: [105] their calculations to discover their longitude, but I conjecture they will be very wild.
I have often heard of learning a language, as French or English, on the passage, but I believe very little of any thing was ever learned on a passage. There must be more health and better accommodations.
My young friend, Mr. Vernon, has never had the least qualm of the sea-sickness since we came aboard. I have advised him to begin the study of the French tongue methodically by reading the grammar through. He has begun it accordingly, and we shall see his patience and perseverance.
4. Wednesday. Fair weather, but an adverse wind from the north-east, which obliges us to go to the southward of the southeast, which is out of our course.
My little son is very proud of his knowledge of all the sails, and last night the captain put him to learn the mariner’s compass. Oh, that we might make prize to-day of an English vessel, lately from London, with all the newspapers and Magazines on board, that we might obtain the latest intelligence, and discover the plan of operations for the ensuing campaign!
We are now supposed to be nearly in the latitude of Cape Finistere, so that we have only to sail an easterly course.
6. Friday. The wind continued in the same point, about south, all night; and the ship has gone nine knots upon an average. This is great favor.
7. Saturday. The same prosperous wind, and the same beautiful weather continue. We proceed in our course, at the rate of about two hundred miles in twenty-four hours. We have passed all the dangers of the American coast. Those of Edition: current; Page: [107] the Bay of Biscay remain. God grant us a happy passage through them all.
8. Sunday. The same wind and weather continues, and we go at seven and half and eight knots. We are supposed to be past the Western Islands.
Mr. Barron, our first lieutenant, appears to me to be an excellent officer. Very diligent and attentive to his duty. Very thoughtful and considerate about the safety of the ship, and about order, economy, and regularity among the officers and men. He has great experience at sea; has used the trade to London, Lisbon, Africa, West Indies, Southern States, &c.
This morning, the captain ordered all hands upon quarterdeck to prayers. The captain’s clerk, Mr. William Cooper, had prepared a composition of his own, which was a very decent and comprehensive prayer, which he delivered in a grave and proper manner. The officers and men all attended in clean clothes, and behaved very soberly.
The weather has been cloudy all day. Towards night it became rainy and windy, and now the ship rolls a little in the old fashion. We are about two thousand miles from Boston.
9. Monday. Last night the wind shifted to the north-west, and blew fresh. It is now still fairer for us than before. The weather is fine, and we go on our voyage at a great rate. Some officers think we shall reach our port by Thursday night; others, by Saturday night. But these make no account of chases and cruises, and make no allowance for the variability of the winds.
My principal motive for omitting to keep a regular and particular journal, has been the danger of falling into the hands of my enemies, and an apprehension that I should not have an opportunity of destroying these papers in such a case. We have now so fine a wind, that a very few days will determine whether we shall meet any capital disaster, or arrive safe at port.
Monday last we made the land upon the coast of Spain.
Tuesday, we run into the Bay of Saint Antonio. Four or five boats, with fifteen or sixteen men in each, came to us, out of which we took a pilot.
28. Saturday. Last night, and this morning, we were in the thoroughfare of all the ships from Bordeaux; we had always a great number in sight. By observations, to-day, our latitude is forty-six degrees three minutes, north, about seven minutes south of the middle of the Isle of Ré; we are, therefore, about twenty leagues from the Tower of Cordouan. We have no wind; and nothing can be more tedious and disagreeable to me than this idle life.
Last evening we had two little incidents which were disagreeable: one was, the French barber, attempting to go below contrary to orders, the sentinel cut off his great toe with his cutlass, which raised at first a little ill blood in the French people who are on board, but, on inquiry, finding the fellow deserved it, they acquiesced. The other unpleasant incident was, that one of our prisoners of war, a little more elevated than usual, grew out of temper, and was very passionate with Mr. Vernon, and afterwards with Captain Palmes; but it has all subsided.
A Story.—Garrick had a relation convicted of a capital offence. He waited on His Majesty, to beg a pardon. The King asked what was the crime? He has only taken a cup too much, says Garrick, may it please your Majesty. Is that all? said the King, let him be pardoned. Gault.
This river is very beautiful on both sides; the plantations are very pleasant, on the south side especially; we saw, all along, horses, oxen, cows, and great flocks of sheep grazing, the husbandmen ploughing, &c., and the women, half a dozen in a drove, with their hoes. The churches, convents, gentlemen’s seats, and the villages appear very magnificent.
The pleasure resulting from the sight of land, cattle, houses, &c., after so long, so tedious and dangerous a voyage, is very great. It gives me a pleasing melancholy to see this country; an honor which a few months ago I never expected to arrive at. Europe, the great theatre of arts, sciences, commerce, war! am I at last permitted to visit thy territories? May the design of my voyage be answered!
This is a most beautiful river. The villages and country seats Edition: current; Page: [118] appear upon each side all the way. We have got up this afternoon within three leagues of the town.
4. Saturday. About 10 o’clock we commenced our journey to Paris, and went about fifty miles.
5. Sunday. Proceeded on our journey more than one hundred miles.
At our arrival last night at a certain barrier, we were stopped and searched, and paid the duties for about twenty-five bottles of wine, which we had left of the generous present of Mr. Delap, at Bordeaux.
My little son has sustained this long journey of near five hundred miles, at the rate of a hundred miles a day, with the utmost firmness, as he did our fatiguing and dangerous voyage.
We passed the bridge last night over the Seine, and passed through the Louvre. The streets were crowded with carriages with livery servants.
It is in vain to attempt a description of the magnificence of the house, gardens, library, furniture, or the entertainment of the table. Mr. Turgot has the appearance of a grave, sensible, and amiable man.
[I was very particularly examined by the company through my colleagues and interpreters, Franklin and Lee, concerning American affairs. I should have been much better pleased to be permitted to remain less conspicuous; but I gave to all their inquiries the most concise and clear answer I could, and came off for the first time, I thought, well enough.]
[This gentleman, often called the King’s Mentor, was near fourscore years of age, with a fresh, rosy countenance, and apparently in better health and greater vigor than Dr. Franklin himself. He had been dismissed from office and exiled to his lands by Louis XV. in 1749, and in his retirement, if not before, had obtained the reputation of a patriot, for which reason he had been recalled to court by Louis XVI. and placed at the head of affairs.]
We then returned; went into the city, and dined with the Count, where was the Count De Noailles, his secretary, and twenty or thirty others, of the grandees of France.
This day I had the honor to dine with the Prince de Tingry, Duc de Beaumont, of the illustrious house of Montmorency. The Duke and Duchess of . . . . .
[By this time I began to catch the sense, now and then, of the conversation in society, but very imperfectly. A conversation between the Prince de Tingry and my colleagues I understood so well as to perceive that he was haranguing upon toleration and liberty of conscience. With an air of great condescension and self-complacency for his great liberality, he vouchsafed to acknowledge, that although he should ardently desire the conversion of all Protestants to the Catholic religion, yet he would not persecute them, &c.]
[This morning, Dr. Franklin, Mr. Lee, and myself, met in my chamber, and signed and sent the following letters which I had written and had copied for signature, in answer to letters received.
We are, sir, your most obedient humble servants,
Sir, your most obedient, humble servants,
We have done by our friends at Amsterdam, who have followed our orders, every thing that we thought incumbent on us to do, relative to your affairs, and we do not incline to have any further concern with them. We are, sir, your most obedient servants,
Mercklé was a Dutchman, and another adventurer, who applied to us for assistance, without any fair claim to it. Whether he had been employed by Mr. Morris, or Congress, to purchase any thing, I know not. But we were not informed of any authority he had to require money of us, and he was, accordingly, soon answered.
14. Mardi. Yesterday morning, sent for the master of the Edition: current; Page: [132] academy in this place, who came and showed me his conditions; he agreed to take my son, who accordingly packed up his things, and went to school, much pleased with the prospect, because he understood that rewards were given to the best scholars, which, he said, was an encouragement. Dancing, fencing, music, and drawing, are taught at this school, as well as French and Latin.
Indeed, Dr. Franklin’s knowledge of French, at least his faculty of speaking it, may be said to have begun with his embassy to this court. He told me that when he was in France before, Sir John Pringle was with him, and did all his conversation for Edition: current; Page: [133] him, as interpreter, and that he understood and spoke French with great difficulty, until he came here last, although he read it.
Dined at M. La Ferté’s. The magnificence of the house, garden, and furniture, is astonishing. Saw here a History of the Revolution in Russia, in the year 1762. This family are fond of paintings. They have a variety of exquisite pieces, particularly, a Storm and a Calm.
The public business has never been methodically conducted. There never was, before I came, a minute book, a letter book, or an account book; and it is not possible to obtain a clear idea of our affairs.
Mr. Deane lived expensively, and seems not to have had much order in his business, public or private; but he was active, diligent, subtle, and successful, having accomplished the great purpose of his mission to advantage. Mr. Gérard is his friend; and I find that Dr. Bancroft has the confidence of persons about the ministry, particularly of the late secretary to the ambassador to Great Britain.
[In this place, it is necessary to introduce a few portraits of characters, that the subsequent narrative may be better understood.
I have now given a faint sketch of the French and American personages who had been concerned in our affairs, at and before the time of my arrival.
22. Wednesday. Dined at home, and spent the day on business with Mr. Lee.
Dined at home this day with Mr. Lee, who spent the day with me, upon the public business. In the evening we went to the Italian comedy, where I saw a harlequin for the first time.
We are sir, your most obedient servants,
We have examined M. Bersolle’s accounts, and find them approved by Captain Jones and his officers, and as you have paid his draft, we shall repay you. But we wish that hereafter you would not engage us in any considerable expense, without having received our orders, after acquainting us with the occasion.
We are, sir, your most obedient, humble servants.
You will be so good as to send us a copy of the order of the commissioners, under which you say the ship Queen of France was purchased, as we find none such here.
4. Monday. Dined at M. Chaumont’s, with his family, and some other company.
5. Tuesday. Am to dine at home; a great rarity and a great blessing!
At dinner alone, my servant brought me a letter.
I opened, and found it in these words:
After dinner, went to the review, where the King reviewed his guards, French and Swiss, about eight thousand of them. The show was splendid, as all other shows are in this country; the carriages of the royal family were magnificent, beyond my talent at description. Returned, and drank coffee with Mr. Lee. Walked home, and drank tea with M. Chaumont’s family, and spent the rest of the evening in reading Cardinal Richelieu.
8. Friday. This morning, Dr. Franklin, Mr. Lee, and Mr. Adams, went to Versailles, in order that Mr. Adams might be presented to the King. Waited on the Count de Vergennes, at his office, and, at the hour of eleven, the Count conducted us into the King’s bed chamber, where he was dressing, one officer putting on his sword, another his coat, &c.
This monarch is in the twenty-fourth year of his age, having been born the 23d of August, 1754. He has the appearances of a strong constitution, capable of enduring to a great age. His reign has already been distinguished by an event that will reflect a glory upon it in future ages, I mean the treaty with America.
We went afterwards to dinner with the Count de Vergennes. There was a full table; no ladies but the Countess. The Count’s brother, the ambassador who lately signed the treaty with Switzerland, Mr. Garnier, the late Secretary to the Embassy in England, and many others,—dukes, and bishops, and counts, &c.
Mr. Garnier and Mr.—asked me, with some appearance of concern, whether there was any foundation for the reports which the Ministry had spread in England, of a dispute between Congress and General Washington. A letter, they say, has been printed, from an officer in Philadelphia, to that purport. Mr. Garnier is the first French gentleman who has begun a serious political conversation with me of any length. He is a sensible man.
19. Tuesday. Dined with M. Chalut, one of the farmers-general. We were shown into the most superb gallery that I have yet seen. The paintings, statues, and curiosities, were innumerable. The old Marshal Richelieu dined there, and a vast number of other great company. After dinner, M. Chalut invited Dr. Franklin and me to go to the opera, and take a seat in his logis. We did. The music and dancing were very fine.
Dined at Dr. Dubourg’s, with a small company, very handsomely; but not amidst those signs of wealth and grandeur which I see everywhere else. I saw, however, more of sentiment, and therefore more of true taste, than I have seen in other places, where there was ten times the magnificence. Among his pictures were these:—
“Our affairs in this kingdom I find in a state of confusion and darkness, that surprises me. Prodigious sums of money have been expended, and large sums are yet due; but there are no books of account, nor any documents from whence I have been able to learn what the United States have received as an equivalent.
“The truth is, in my humble opinion, our system is wrong in many particulars.
“2. In leaving the salaries of these ministers at an uncertainty. You will never be able to obtain a satisfactory account of the public moneys while this system continues; it is a temptation to live at too great an expense, and gentlemen will feel an aversion to demanding a rigorous account.
[Business, as well as disputes, increased and multiplied upon us, and there was nobody to do any business but me, so that I found it necessary to decline invitations abroad, and dine at Edition: current; Page: [163] home as much as possible, to answer the public letters; but, after I had written them, I had trouble and delay enough in getting them signed by my colleagues. This day the following were written.
Your favors of May 9 and 16, from Brest, we duly received. We congratulate you on your success and safe arrival at Brest, as well as on the honor you have acquired by your conduct and bravery in taking one of the king’s ships.
Your bill of exchange in favor of M. Bersolle, for twenty-four thousand livres, which you inform us you mean to distribute among the brave officers and men to whom you owe your late success, has been presented to us by M. Chaumont.
Lieutenant Simpson has stated to us your having put him under arrest for disobeying orders. As a court martial must, by order of Congress, consist of three captains, three lieutenants, and three captains of marines, and these cannot be had here, it is our desire that he may have a passage procured for him, by the first opportunity, to America, allowing him whatever may be necessary for his defence. As the consequences of an arrest in foreign countries are thus extremely troublesome, they should be well considered before they are made.
If you are in possession of any resolution of Congress giving the whole of ships of war, when made prizes, to the captors, we should be obliged to you for a copy of it.
We should also be obliged to you for a particular account, in whose hands the prizes made by you are, and in what forwardness the sale of them.
We have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient, humble servants,
Your favors of May 11 and 18 are now before us. We shall this day acquaint Captain Jones, how far it is in our power to comply with his desires, and in what manner.
It is not from any prejudice to you, Mr. Williams, for whom we have a great respect and esteem, but merely from a desire to save the public money, to prevent the clashing of claims and interests, and to avoid confusion and delays, that we have taken this step.
We have further to repeat our request, that you would lay your accounts before us as soon as possible; because, until we have them, we can never know either the state of our finances, or how far the orders of Congress for stores and merchandises to be shipped to America have been fulfilled.
We are, sir, with great respect, your most obedient, humble servants,
We are, with great respect, sir, your most obedient servants,
Your favors of the 12th and 17th of May are before us. They contain information of an interesting nature, which we shall attend to as soon as circumstances will admit.
We thank you for the punctuality with which you from time to time furnish us with intelligence as it arises in your city, and wish for a continuance of your favors in that way.
We must request you, as we do every other American agent, for the future to transmit to us your accounts monthly, that we may know the state of our affairs, and not run deeper in debt than we shall be able to pay, which there is no small danger of.
We have the honor to be, with great respect, sir, &c.
What havoc, said I to myself, would these manners make in America! Our governors, our judges, our senators or representatives, and even our ministers, would be appointed by harlots, for money; and their judgments, decrees, and decisions, be sold to repay themselves, or, perhaps, to procure the smiles of profligate females.
8. Monday. Dined with Mr. Alexander, and went to the concert.
I have omitted to keep any journal for a long time, in which I have seen a great many curious things.
An idea of a fair and honorable treaty with Congress never enters into their minds. In short, chicanery seems to have taken possession of their hearts so entirely, that they are incapable of thinking of any thing fair.
Dr. Franklin, to whom the letter was sent, as the writer is supposed to be a friend of his, sent an answer, in which they have received a dose that will make them sick.
An aristocracy of American peers! hereditary peers, I suppose were meant; but, whether hereditary or for life, nothing could be more abhorrent to the general sense of America at that time, which was for making every magistrate and every legislator eligible, and that annually at least.
We thought the whole subject so futile, that I think we never transmitted any account of it to Congress.]
25. Saturday. It is an amusement among some people here, who understand a little English, to give samples of English sentences, hard to be pronounced. “What think the chosen judges?” “Thrust this thistle through this thumb.” “An apple in each hand, and a third in my mouth,” &c.
“They have lately built new batteries of four and six guns, in places where boats can land, and block-houses all round the island, where boats can land.
“The island is not more than ten leagues from Cape La Hogue—the French coast. About five thousand souls on the island; very bitter against the French, but treat American prisoners very well,—more like brothers than prisoners.
An unlucky accident befell my servant, Stevens, in falling from the coach and being dragged by the foot upon the pavement. Edition: current; Page: [186] He was in great danger, but happily was not essentially hurt.
In all this it is easy to see there is too much declamation; but the substantial meaning of it is such as appears to me exactly true, and such as I will abide by, unless future evidence, which I don’t expect, should convince me of any error in it.
13. Saturday. There is no such thing as human wisdom; all is the providence of God. Perhaps few men have guessed more exactly than I have been allowed to do upon several occasions; but at this time, which is the first, I declare, of my whole life, I am utterly at a loss to foresee consequences.
March 3. Wednesday. Went to Versailles, in order to take leave of the ministry. Had a long conversation with the Count de Vergennes in French, which I found I could talk as fast as I pleased.
I asked him what effect the peace of Germany would have upon our war. He said, he believed none, because neither the Emperor nor the King of Prussia were maritime powers.
Nantes is pleasantly situated on the river, and there are several agreeable prospects. The view from the front windows in the row of houses along the river is very beautiful. Mr. Schweighauser crawled up three pair of stairs to visit me this morning.
9. Sunday. The pilot came on board this morning from St.-Nazaire, and pronounced it unsafe to go out with this wind. F. this morning fell to talking. “Above half the gentlemen of Paris are atheists, and the other half deists. Nobody goes to church but the common people.” “I wish I could find one honest man among their merchants and tradesmen,” &c.
Ingraham. “Otis says, when the pot boils, the scum rises to the top.” Ego. “The new cider, when it ferments, sends all the Edition: current; Page: [200] pomace, worms, bruised seeds, and all sorts of nastiness, to the top. People of fortune have spent their fortunes, and those who had none, have grown rich.”
When I arrive, I must inquire concerning Congress, enemy’s army, Rhode Island, New York, Georgia, our army, our currency, Massachusetts Bay, Boston, &c.
Landais said, honor and delicacy are his second God,—he shall die poor and despised, not by those who know him. This is an honest man; but chagrin and disappointment are visible in every thing about him; he is incapable of all art; has no address or dexterity at all in managing men.
19. Wednesday. Pleasant. My state is tedious enough, waiting for the Chevalier, and losing time and wind. Expectation is a painful posture of the mind; and suspense, which is a little different, is worse.
This of Lorient is a fine port and harbor. Men-of-war can come up to the wharf, and they commonly lie not far from it; but there are no such pleasant prospects of the country as in Boston harbor.
The 1st of May, the fleet at Portsmouth, of more than four hundred sail, for New York, Quebec, Newfoundland, and Ireland, put to sea, convoyed by six ships of the line, besides frigates and armed transports.
8. Tuesday. Yesterday I sent one boat with some of my things, and this morning another with the remainder, on board the Sensible. Landais has torn open the old sore, and, in my opinion, has now ruined the peace of this ship. He has an Edition: current; Page: [210] unhappy mind; he must ever have something to complain of, something to peeve and fret about. He is jealous.
18. Friday. The orders are to breakfast at ten, dine at five, and sup at ten.
He added further,—we, that is, the French, have within this month offered, that if the English would withdraw their troops from New York, Rhode Island, and Long Island, all things should remain as they were.
Note. This I don’t understand. What becomes of Georgia? What was to become of the sea war? &c.
28. Monday. We have been favored in our voyage, hitherto, beyond my utmost expectations. We have enjoyed a succession of favorable winds and weather from the time of our leaving Lorient to this moment.
I returned compliments to the Chevalier and the gentlemen, and thanks for their kind congratulations on my country’s independence, and sincerely wished, as this was the foundation of the happy alliance between France and America, that the latest posterity of both countries might have reason to rejoice in it.
17. Saturday. Three days past we have sounded for the Edition: current; Page: [227] Grand Bank, but have not found it. By the reckonings of all the officers we ought to be now ten leagues upon the Bank.
He is unwilling to let me see Gérard’s letters, or what he writes.
30. Friday. We are not yet arrived to the Bank of St. George. Calms, contrary winds, &c. detain us. Saw a whale spouting and blowing and leaping to-day in our wake,—a grampus, they say.
The Sensible arrived at Boston on the 2d of August. Mr. Adams repaired immediately to his residence at Braintree, where an election was about to take place of a representative to the Convention called to frame a constitution for Massachusetts. The following entry is taken from the records of the town:
“1779. August 9. Voted, To send only one delegate to represent them in the Convention appointed to be convened at Cambridge on the first day of September next, for the purpose of forming a new constitution.
“Then the Hon. John Adams, Esq. was chosen for that purpose.”
Of the labors of Mr. Adams in the Convention, no trace is to be found in the Diary, which does not appear to have been resumed until the moment, when, under a new commission from Congress, he once more embarked in the vessel which had brought him out.
November 13. Saturday. Took leave of my family, and rode to Boston with my son Charles, nine years of age last May. At four o’clock went on board the French frigate, the Sensible; Mr. Thaxter, my son John, twelve years old last July, and my servant Joseph Stevens, having come on board in the morning. I find the frigate crowded with passengers and sailors, full three hundred and fifty men. They have recruited a great number here.
25. Thursday. Arose at four. A fair wind and good weather. We have passed the Grand Bank. Sounded yesterday afternoon, and found bottom in thirty fathoms of water, on the easternmost edge of the Bank.
9. Thursday. Came on shore with all my family. Took lodgings. Dined with the Spanish Lieutenant-General of the Marine, with twenty-four French and Spanish officers. Don Joseph is an old officer, but has a great deal of vivacity and bonhomie.
10. Friday. Supped and slept at my lodgings. Breakfasted on Spanish chocolate, which answers the fame it has acquired in the world. Everybody congratulates us on our safe arrival at this place. The leak in the Sensible increases since she has been at anchor; and everybody thinks we have been in great danger.
13. Monday. Yesterday I walked about the town; but there is nothing to be seen excepting two churches, and the arsenals, dry docks, fortifications, and ships of war.
The General politely invited me to dine; said that Spaniards made no compliments, but were very sincere. He asked me when this war would finish? I said pas encore; but when the Kings of France and Spain would take the resolution to send twenty or thirty more line of battle ships to reinforce the Comte d’Estaing, and enable him to take all the British forces and possessions in America.
25. Saturday. Christmas. Went to the Palace at eleven o’clock to take my leave of his Excellency. Mr. O’Hara, the Governor of the town, went with me. The General repeated a thousand obliging things which he had said to me when I first saw him and dined with him.
We are obliged in this journey to carry our own beds, blankets, sheets, pillows, &c.; our own provisions of chocolate, tea, sugar, meat, wine, spirits, and every thing that we want. We get nothing at the taverns but fire, water, and salt. We carry our own butter, cheese, and, indeed, salt and pepper, too.
This evening I bought a mule, saddle, bridle, &c. for sixty-two dollars and a half.
This day was brought me the Gazette de Madrid of the 24th of December, in which is this article:
We passed through several villages this day, and rode along a river, and arrived at Birviesca. The country a little more hilly than for some time past; but it has a naked and poor appearance.
The tavern where we are is tolerable, situated between a church and a monastery. We have been entertained with the music of the convent since our arrival.
Took a walk down the river, which is pleasant enough. While we were absent upon our walk, Mr. Gardoqui and son came to visit me.
Accordingly, I began by writing to the Count de Vergennes the following letter:
2. Whether it is prudent in me to publish in any manner, more than the journals of Congress may have already done, the nature of my mission?
3. Or whether to remain on the reserve, as I have hitherto done since my arrival in Europe?
Although I am not confined by commissions, nor instructions, nor by any intimations from Congress to reside in any one place Edition: current; Page: [261] in Europe more than another, yet my own inclinations, as well as those of the public, would be most gratified, and the public service most promoted, by my residing here. I must, therefore, request his Majesty’s protection and permission to reside in this kingdom for some time, with or without assuming any public character, as your Excellency may think most advisable.
I shall here insert the answer of the Count de Vergennes, although it is not exactly in the order of dates. It was in French, and the following is a literal translation:
I request the reader to read attentively the foregoing letter from the Count de Vergennes, and make his own observations upon it, before he reads mine, and then say whether I had reasons for the following reflections which presented themselves irresistibly to my mind at that time, and which I have ever since thought, and still think, well founded.
1. The instructions of a sovereign to his ambassador are a Edition: current; Page: [262] secret and a confidential communication between them; a sacred deposit, committed by the master to the servant, which the latter is under the strongest ties of honor, fidelity, and conscience, to preserve inviolate, until he has an express permission or injunction to reveal it.
3. The Count had been so long in the habit of intrigues to obtain the instructions from foreign courts to their ambassadors, and probably paying for them very dear, that he had forgotten that the practice was not lawful.
7. Some alarming ideas were excited by the consideration that my sovereign was an assembly of more than fifty members; and fifty incorruptible men, all capable of containing a secret, was not always to be expected. For the honor of that Congress, however, it is but justice to say, that I believe their secrets were Edition: current; Page: [263] as well kept as secrets ever were by any government in the world.
I thank your Excellency for the assurances of his Majesty’s protection, and of your confidence, which it shall be my study and endeavor at all times to deserve.
To this letter I received an answer, of which the following is a literal translation:
I thought it most prudent at present to conform to the Count’s advice, although it was not in this particular satisfactory to me, and wrote him accordingly. Although I could not perceive any candid, equitable, or honorable motives for concealing one of my commissions more than the other, I did not think proper to tell him so.
I had last evening the honor of Your Excellency’s letter of yesterday’s date, and shall conform myself to your advice.
Having waited from the 25th of February, to the 21st of March, without learning any thing further on the subject, I wrote to the Count again.
Your Excellency will excuse the trouble I give you on this occasion, as it arises wholly from a desire to be able at all times, to render an account to my sovereign, of the motives and reasons of my own conduct.
This day Doctor Waterhouse, Mr. Thaxter, and my two sons, dined with me at the Cour de Hollande, and after dinner they went to the Rector Magnificus to be matriculated into the University; Charles was found to be too young, none under twelve years of age being admitted; John was admitted after making a declaration that he would do nothing against the laws of the university, city, or land.
Here occurs another long interval, during which the recognition by Holland of the sovereignty of the United States took place, and a treaty was negotiated, which, at the moment of resumption of this Diary, needed only the forms of execution, to be complete.
September 14. Saturday. Supped last night at Court, in the Maison du Bois. M. Boreel told me he had been to Paris, which he quitted eight days ago. Mr. Franklin had been sick; it was at first reported that he had been struck with an apoplexy; then it was said he had a bilious colic, and afterwards a retention of urine, but that he had got well before he left Paris.
Mr. Magis2 said to me afterwards, “I see you often in conversation Edition: current; Page: [273] with M. de Mirabel; he is a great politician; he is very well informed of all affairs in general, but particularly with the affairs and political system of Germany.”
The Baron de Kruyningen holds an office of intelligence, where the Ministers or Secretaries meet of mornings, as at a kind of coffee house, to exchange with each other the news and compare notes.
Mr. Magis holds such another. What these people get by their assemblies and offices, is a question; perhaps nothing more than a reputation, an acquaintance with foreign ministers, and now and then an invitation to dinner.
This day, Mr. Van Asp made me a visit; this gentleman is chargé d’affaires of Sweden, since the departure of the Baron d’Ehrenswerd for Prussia; he is a solid, prudent man.
Note.—This is the effect of the step I took in notifying my presentation to all the foreign ministers.
Mr. Gyzelaer informed me, that the Committee for examining the administration of the Marine, were to-morrow to announce their authority to the Prince. I told him he must make a harangue in order to give dignity and solemnity to his commission. He said it was a delicate thing to make a speech upon the occasion. This I agreed.
Mr. Boreel desired me to send him the American Gazette, which contains the resolution of their High Mightinesses, acknowledging me as Minister, with his name to it. I forgot Mr. Magis, who said to me, “Entre nous, Sir, if I were young, I would endeavor to serve a great power, because one has a chance to be something; but when one serves a small power, one is sure never to be any thing.”
Mr. Boreel promised me to speak to Mr. Fagel, and let him know that I wish to have the treaty signed, that I might be able to send it by several vessels now ready to sail at Amsterdam.
Somebody at table said to Count Sarsfield, that the Americans had laid aside the use of Mr. Franklin’s conductors. The Count appealed to me. I said, by no means; on the contrary, the use of them increased, and they were found very useful.
There is in the Rotterdamsche Courant of to-day, the following article from Philadelphia, of the 7th of August:
The Prince, in his conference to day, has communicated his orders and correspondence relative to the navy.
As the commerce of Bruges and Ostend have grown out of the American Revolution and the Neutral Confederation, it may be worth while to make the following extract:
20. Sunday. Rising early this morning, and ringing for a servant, was told that my servant, and most of those of the house, were gone to mass. The name of the keeper of the Prince Cardinal is Van Opdorp.
We went in the last place to see the private collection of Pilaer and Beekmans, Négocians en Dentelles, Diamans, Tableaux, Desseins, Estampes, &c., Place de Mier. The most remarkable piece in this collection is an old woman, his mother, with a bible on the table before her, by Rembrandt. This is called his master-piece; it is indeed an admirable picture. The son-in-law of this house told me there was a society formed in this town which had begun to send ventures to America.
We took a cutlet and glass of wine, at ten, at Chantilly, that we might not be tempted to stop again; accordingly we arrived in very good season at the Hôtel de Valois, Rue de Richelieu, where the house, however, was so full that we found but bad accommodations.
Franklin wrote to Madrid at the time when he wrote his pretended request to resign and supposed that I would succeed him at this Court, and obtained a promise that W. should be secretary. Jay did not know but he was well qualified for the place.2
Went to the Hôtel d’Orléans, Rue des petits Augustins, to see my colleague in the commission for peace, Mr. Jay, but he and his lady were gone out.
10. Sunday. Accordingly, at eight this morning I went and waited on the Comte. He asked me how we went on with the English. I told him we divided upon two points,—the Tories and Penobscot; two ostensible points; for it was impossible to believe that my Lord Shelburne or the nation cared much about such points. I took out of my pocket and showed him the record of Governor Pownal’s solemn act of burying a leaden plate with this inscription:
18. Monday. Returned Mr. Oswald’s visit. He says, Mr. Strachey, who set out the 5th, did not reach London until the 10th; couriers are three, four, or five days, in going, according as the winds are.
He said he had been contriving an artificial truce since he found we were bound by treaty not to agree to a separate truce; he had proposed to the ministry to give orders to their men-of-war and privateers not to take any unarmed American vessels.
I said to him, supposing the armed neutrality should acknowledge American independence, by admitting Mr. Dana, who is now at Petersburg with a commission for that purpose in his pocket, to subscribe the principles of their marine treaty, the King of Great Britain could find no fault with it; he could never hereafter say, it was an affront or hostility; he had done it himself. Would not all neutral vessels have a right to go to America? and could not all American trade be carried on in neutral bottoms?
To-day I received a letter from my excellent friend, Mr. Laurens, 12 November, London, in answer to mine of the 6th, agreeing, as speedily as possible, to join his colleagues. “Thank God I had a son who dared to die for his country.”
Ridley and Bancroft came in and spent the evening. Bancroft says, that Mr. Oswald don’t feel very well; that he thinks of going home; that the King will bring in some of the old ministers, &c.
22. Friday. Made a visit to Dr. Bancroft, and spent an hour or two with him. Mr. Walpole, he says, is a correspondent of Mr. Fox. I told him I wished I could have two hours time with Fox.
Bancroft said that Mr. Garnier is in Burgundy upon his estate, where he passes the summer, and comes only to Paris in the winter. He said, if the King in his speech should not announce Mr. Oswald’s commission, you, gentlemen commissioners, would do well to take some measures for the publication of it in England and abroad.
I said, I wondered that Mr. Fox had not sent over some friend here, during the conferences, to pick up what he could of intelligence; but, upon recollection, I said his friends, Richmond, Keppel, Townsend, Camden, &c. were in the council and cabinet, and, therefore, no doubt informed him of all intelligence, and let him into all the secret of affairs.
28. Thursday. This morning I have drawn up the following project:
Then the treaties were signed, sealed, and delivered, and we all went out to Passy to dine with Dr. Franklin. Thus far has proceeded this great affair.
Dr. Franklin said, there was a great deal of weight in this observation, and the Englishmen showed plainly enough that they felt it.
Mr. Fitzherbert said, that there was no precedent of compensation Edition: current; Page: [341] for damages in a treaty of peace. Mr. Brantzen begged his pardon, and thought there had been instances. One example, in particular, which the English themselves had set against the Dutch, which just then came into his head. Cromwell had demanded compensation of them, and they had agreed, as now appears by the treaty, to pay a hundred thousand pounds sterling as a compensation.
Mr. Brantzen was not furnished with a full account of all the losses of individuals, and therefore could not precisely say what the amount would be. That, perhaps, they might not insist upon prompt payment, nor upon a stated sum, but might leave both the sum and time of payment to be ascertained by commissioners, at their leisure, after the peace.
In the evening many gentlemen came in, among the rest Mr. Bourse, the agent of the Dutch East India Company, who expressed a good deal of anxiety about their negotiation, and feared they should not have justice in the East Indies.
Mr. Laurens’s apartments, at the Hôtel de York, are better than mine, at the Hôtel du Roi, au Carrousel; yet he gives but twelve louis, and I am obliged to give eighteen. He has two large rooms, besides a large commodious bed-chamber and a large ante-chamber for servants. He says there will be an outrageous clamor in England, on account of the fisheries and the loyalists; but what is done is irrevocable.
It may be proper for me to minute here some points to propose in the definitive treaty.
2. That no forts shall be built, or garrisons maintained, upon any of the frontiers in America, or upon any of the land boundaries.
4. That the Isle of Sables remain the property of its present owner, and under the jurisdiction of the United States or Massachusetts.
We met at Mr. Laurens’s, at Dr. Franklin’s summons or invitation, at eleven o’clock. He produced a letter to him from the Count de Vergennes, and a project of an answer which he had drawn up, which we advised him, unanimously, to send.
22. Sunday. Made several visits, &c.
24. Tuesday. There are men who carry the countenance and air of boys through life.
Mr. Vaughan said, he was astonished at my secrecy and patience, in never communicating this before; that they never had any idea of this in London. I told him, the Count de Vergennes had required me, in the name of the King, not to communicate it. I then showed him the resolution of Congress of 12 July, 1781, by which the commission and instructions for negotiating a treaty of commerce between the United States and Great Britain, given me on the 29th day of September, 1779, were revoked.
I then read to him the following part of my instructions of 16 October, 1779, to wit,—
“But their policy did not stop here. I had still a parchment to make a treaty of commerce with Great Britain, and an instruction annexed to it, which would be a powerful motive with Great Britain to acknowledge our right to the fisheries. This commission and these instructions were to be and were revoked.”
Mr. Vaughan said this was very important information, and entirely new; that he was much enlightened, and had sentiments upon the occasion; that he would write it to the Earl of Shelburne, and his Lordship would make great use of it, without naming me, &c.
In this country the demon of monarchy haunts all the scenes of life. It appears in every conversation, at every table, and upon every theatre. These people can attend to no more than one person at a time; they can esteem but one; and to that one their homage is adulation and idolatry.
Much conversation passed which might as well have been spared. Mr. Hartley was as copious as usual. I called on Mr. Jay in the evening, and we agreed to meet at my house next morning, at ten.
29. Tuesday. At eleven, we all met at Mr. Laurens’s, near Edition: current; Page: [364] the new French Comedy, and agreed upon a proposition to open the ports as soon as the United States should be evacuated. At one, Mr. Hartley came and we showed it to him, and after some conversation with him, we agreed upon three propositions:
1. To open the ports as soon as the States should be evacuated;
2. To set all confined tories at liberty at the same time; and
3. To set all prisoners of war at liberty, upon the same terms respecting the accounts of their expenses as those between France and England.
I am not fond of talking; but I wanted to convey into his mind a few things for him to think upon. None of the English gentlemen have come here apprized of the place where their danger lay.
Mr. Laurens quoted a Creek king, who said he would not be for quarrelling with either side, especially with us Americans, for we were all born of the same mother, and sucked at the same breasts. But, turning to his young men, he said, with tears in his eyes, whichever side prevails, I see that we must be cut off.
Mr. Hartley talked about Passamaquoddy and the islands at the mouth of the river St. Croix. He is for settling this matter so as to prevent questions.
Between five and six I made my visit to the Duke of Manchester, the British ambassador, upon his arrival. Not at home. Left my card. The next day, or next but one, the Duke returned my visit, came up to my apartment, and spent a half hour in familiar conversation. He is between fifty and sixty, a composed man, plain Englishman.
One day this week, I visited the Duke de la Vauguyon upon his arrival from the Hague, who returned my visit in a day or two.
Visited Mr. Hartley. He said he thought the Dutch negotiation in a bad way, and that there would be a civil contest in Holland; a struggle between the Stadtholder and the States.
“This agreement to continue in force until.
“Provided always, That nothing contained in this agreement shall, at any time hereafter, be argued on either side in support of any future demand or claim.”
Sir,—The American ministers have done me the honor to direct me to present you their compliments, and desire to be informed whether you think yourself sufficiently authorized to agree and subscribe to the proposition you have made them this evening, without further instructions or information from your Court.
Dr. Franklin moved that the secretary should sign and send it, which was agreed, the letter being approved in the foregoing words.
The gentlemen desired me to draw an answer to Mr. Grand’s letter, and a letter to the bankers in Amsterdam, which I agreed to do, and lay it before them at their next meeting.
22. Thursday. This morning I drew the following letters, to be laid before the ministers this evening:—
This morning I also drew the following, to be laid before the gentlemen this evening:—
1. It is agreed, that ministers shall be forthwith nominated, and vested with full powers to treat, agree, and conclude upon a permanent treaty of commerce between the two powers and their respective citizens, subjects, and countries.
This agreement to continue in force for all vessels which shall sail from any port of either party on or before the day of and no longer.
Provided always, that nothing in this agreement shall at any time hereafter be argued on either side, in support of any proposition which may be made in the future negotiation of a permanent treaty of commerce.

If I submit my data, do I lose control of it?. 3
Can I share my private data?. 4
Can I tell who has been looking at my data?. 5
If people can see my data, can they download it, store it on their computer, and claim it as their own? 5
How safe is my data? Who can change my data? Can it be lost?. 6
Do I have to be careful to take records of live people out of my GED before I load it?. 8
My GED is large, possibly more than 8MB. How do I get it into the system?. 10
How do I Contact Other Users?. 14
Do I have to be concerned with document size?. 15
How do I store objects (documents, pictures, audio) linked to GDB records?. 15
Can I link a document to more people later?. 17
Can I link somebody else’s document to one of my people?. 17
How do I make a Document or Picture appear automatically when a Page is opened?. 19
How do I write Documents for Web Pages?. 20
How can I link documents to each other on the web site?. 21
Who is “Datamanager”? He seems to own much of the data in the GDB. 24
Can’t log in, but there’s no message. 26
Document is too large to be set as a primary document or picture. 27
Probably never! It has been in development for about 7 years, with over 12000 hours of programming, but there remains an enormous amount of development in order to make it do everything that we’ve thought of so far. And that’s not even including the rush of new ideas and requests for change that come with wider use. We seem to have another two or three good ideas for every one we complete.
See the next topic for details of the membership categories and fees.
If I submit my data, do I lose control of it?
The Privacy rules are slightly different for each type of data.
These rules may not always give the correct answer: it is likely to leave records private when they could be public, occasionally it may make the reverse error. You can edit the records on line to set them [Public] or [Private] explicitly.
To give another user access to your private records follow the link “Manage Permissions on your GDB Data” from the home page.
You can also grant permission to view or update an individual record by clicking the [Permissions] button on. For example, I have given my children permission to update my records about themselves and their families.
Can I tell who has been looking at my data?
The system currently provides no way of downloading your GDB records to your PC. This is a possible future enhancement, but even if we provide this feature the rules will be that you can only download your own tree and records linked to it. You will not be able to download anybody else’s tree.
The system can control security on who can SEE the photos. For example, if they are attached to a private person record then you won't see them unless you have permission to see that person. You can further protect any document (including pictures) with a password.
The GDB provides ways of linking somebody else’s documents to your records. For example, suppose that you see that I have stored a family photo that includes your aunt: you can attach this photo to your aunt’s record within the “scrapbook” section. However these documents are linked, not copied: they remain attributed to the original owner, and under his/her control.
When you store a document you have an opportunity to give some notes. This is very useful to describe photos ("Left to right, Fred, Joe, Bob...."), but this could also be an opportunity to say "Contact ... for a clean copy of this image" if you want to do this.
How safe is my data? Who can change my data? Can it be lost?
Can anybody else change my data?
No! Nobody can change your data without your permission. Others can however link to your data, and insert Post-it Notes.
It will be quite common for the web site to be temporarily unavailable, due to server overload or other problems. Such problems will normally be very temporary (perhaps for an hour or so, at most a day), and when the site returns your data will be available as before.
Many people would prefer to be able to browse the site without registering. There are however three important reasons why we insist on registration.
To pay a subscription, click “Payments” on the home page, or follow a Payments link from various other pages.
The group can purchase full access for all of its members at a significantly discounted rate. Discounts depend on group size.
Facilities are provided for group administrators to manage membership lists and send newsletters and emails to their members.
For more information on group facilities, click here. Click here to see Help for the Group Administrator’s page.
How do I put data into the GDB?
My GED is large, possibly more than 8MB. How do I get it into the system?
Log on, and click the link “Add or Update your Family Data”. Click the button [Add Data Online]. This displays a simple “Create New Person” page that allows you to record basic facts about a person.
Click [Family] to define related people – parents, children, spouse(s).
But what if the other record owner disagrees with your links? Can (s)he tell? Can (s)he do anything about it? Read on!
Tools are being developed to make it easier for the two genealogists to cooperate in reducing duplication.
· All. Here all records are shown, even when they appear to be identical.
If, as here, the source merely notes that it has come from somebody’s personal database, then it doesn’t help much in knowing whether this fact is reliable or not. However, the source may cite an official source such as a BDM register, or a birth certificate, in which case you can be confident that the fact has been validated. Of course it may still have been transcribed incorrectly.
Neither of these guides is absolutely reliable. You just have to use your judgement.
A profile page may give other contact options, and a small amount of information about the record owner. Users are encouraged to create a profile including details about themselves, even a photo, as this makes the communication with other genealogists more personal.
How do I attach documents etc. to my records?
This is deceptively simple – but with a little understanding you may avoid problems. The following notes therefore deal with how to attach documents (including pictures etc) to a record, and with techniques for developing web pages that display efficiently.
Do I have to be concerned with document size?
5 However, if this information exists, then FamNet will download a Windows “Clickonce” program to upload your scrapbook. (You need to be a Windows user to continue: Mac and Linux users who do not have a copy of Windows XP or later that will run on their machine won’t be able to use this facility). A Windows form like this is displayed: -
6 A form “Verifying application requirements” will appear briefly, while the system checks that you have the right kind of operating system, and the appropriate pre-requisite software (which will be downloaded if necessary). Once everything has been checked out the “Verifying…” form will disappear, and you may see security warning “Publisher can’t be verified”. Ignore this and click [Run]
7 Program GDBUpload will then run, going through this information to upload all the objects recorded as linked to your GED file, producing a report of its activity as it does so.
Whether you use Legacy or not, or however you have organized your scrapbook, you can upload scrapbook items one at a time using facilities provided in web pages. This method is available to all users, with any browser and operating system.
See the Help for this page if you aren’t sure what to do next.
What if you stored the document earlier, and now want to add it to more people?
Note that you DO NOT COPY information from other person’s record: you simply link to it. It remains under their control, just as your documents remain under your control if somebody links to them.
How do I make a Document or Picture appear automatically when a Page is opened?
You can add any number of links to other people (GDB records), documents, pictures, audio files etc. These links will open when the link is clicked. However, you can also set one picture, and one document, to open automatically when the page is opened (see this record for an example). These objects should be fairly small, preferably under 200KB, as otherwise the page may be slow to open.
Pictures should be kept small so that they are downloaded quickly, and the page displayed without delay. Current digital cameras that take pictures at three to twelve mega-pixels provide images that can be printed as A4 enlargements or even larger with photo quality, but this quality is wasted when the images are displayed on a computer screen. You should reduce the size of your photos to approx 640*480 pixels: these will display most screens with acceptable picture quality, yet load quickly and not take up a lot of space on the web site.
2. Photo-editing software such as Adobe Photoshop have options to resize images. Choose the size recommended for emailing.
How do I write Documents for Web Pages?
In many ways writing for the web is like writing for paper publication. You still have to write clearly, with a sequence of ideas that flow naturally. As with paper publication, you should reference your work with footnotes etc. to credit your original sources, and you can embed photos and diagrams.
Disadvantages: Almost no ability to control the text format – everything will be in the same font and size, no ability to embed any other objects.
Use this for: Notes (which are a type of fact).
This is the best form for storing documents that you want to keep re-editing, so it is probably the form in which you’ll keep your original documents on your own computer. You can upload Word documents directly in .doc format.
2. The documents can be downloaded by another, modified, and republished elsewhere.
This provides a format that can be read, and will usually look the same, on any computer (a PDF reader is widely available as a free download).
1. Documents are more compact than Word (see above)
2. The documents cannot easily be modified and republished. Editing PDF requires specialist software: although available, most people don’t have it.
4. The document can be easily printed.
PDF is usually the best format for documents that you want others to see, but not change. Keep the original (editable) format on your own computer, and re-publish by replacing the PDF on the web site.
2. Documents are very “light” – they will download quickly.
Disadvantages. This works well for text documents, but when the document contains graphics these tend to get lost
You can prepare your Word documents with hyperlinks, but these may not work when the documents are uploaded to the web site unless you are careful with your folder structure.
This example uses Microsoft Word 2000. Other versions of Word, and other word processing software, will differ in detail, but the principles will be the same.
Step 1. Click or select text where you want the hyperlink to go.
When doing this, to ensure that your links work in FamNet you should select objects from the same folder as the current document. See the next section for more information.
When you prepare a document for uploading, follow these rules: -
We would like to transfer ownership of Datamanager databases to a real owner. Have you found your family tree as one of these databases? If yes, contact us, and we’ll happily reassign the database to you, or (better yet) we’ll delete it in favour of a more up-to-date tree that you load yourself.
The system can correctly change several partner records, and will swap father and mother links for any number of children. However, it can only cope with a situation where each partner has only the one partner. Thus it will cope with
You can ask the administrator to reset your password for you. Send me an email, and I’ll set your password to “password” (without the quotes, all lower case). This is a special password that you can only use twice, so you should change it immediately to something else.
You enter your userid (or email) and password and click [Log In], but nothing happens. No message, but you don’t get logged on?
Documents larger than 512KB** cannot be set as primary document or primary picture. This is because if the document is too large the page will take too long to open. However, you can store larger documents as soft-links, and they can be opened when the link is clicked.

working young people, stay-at-home parents with a vested interest in the future of Johnson
County and Kansas is encouraged to get involved with our group.
* To educate, inform, and train our members for effective advocacy.
If you have any questions, please reach out to us at: [email protected]
For those “young-at-heart” but over age 35, we’d be happy to welcome you as an associate

Nowadays sites tend to be full of images, much more so then a couple of years ago. The web has become much more visual. This raises the concern that those images might not be that well optimized, resulting in huge page sizes (1,2,3 and evem more MB).
you can have load balancers, but we are getting to technical here 🙂
I hope this brief introduction into the intricacies of optimizing your site has enlightened you somewhat on the steps you need to take to increase your speed so your visitors and Google like you more.

Comment: Thank you for the postcard with the recipe. I can't wait to try it!!
Comment: Thank you so much for the awesome Kentucky postcard!! I hope you had a great time with your son and daughter in law and that your 4th of July was amazing as well! :D <3
Comment: Thank you for the great pictures! :-)
Comment: Thanks for the great card! I like bread pudding and haven't made it in yrs. Will try this one soon.
Comment: Thanks for the really nice, well traveled postcard. I am so happy to add it to my pc collection. Hope you have a fun 4th of July! Thanks again,and have fun swapping! :)
Comment: Thanks for the card from the Coca Cola package. It is interesting with the emblem for the FIFA World Cup Brasil.
Comment: Great pictures, thanks for sharing! :)
Comment: Thanks for sharing with me! :)
Comment: Thank you for the great pictures. Your new cat is so cute.
Comment: I loved your email. Thanks for sharing!!
Comment: I especially loved Maureen O'Hara...she was one of my favorite actresses in the 50s. I wanted to be an auburn-headed lassie!
Comment: Great board, thank you for sharing! :)
Comment: Thank you for the nice notes :) and the cute extras.
Comment: Interesting Music thank you for sharing with me :D
Comment: Great board! I love the "Gardening is the art..." quote. I also used the Gnome Home on my board. Thanks so much for sharing! :-)
Comment: Hi Ellie, Thank you for your lovely letter and the stamps, etc. I will write in return.
Comment: Thanks so much for the booklist. You've got some interesting titles that I'd like to check out!
Response: You are so welcome. Thank you for being my 1,500th heart rating!!, Happy 4th of July, Blessings,
Response: I just made it for my son and daughter in law and we loved it! Thank you for rating!
Comment: Thank you! I also want to read Divergent so badly. Life of Pi is also on my shelf but I hadn't have the motivation to pick it up yet
Comment: I got it today! Thank you! What a lovely envelope(: It was postmarked for the 16th, weird that it took 12 days to get here! Wow. I bet it got lost somewhere a long the way and finally got back on track!
Response: I am so glad that you got it. I hope it wasn't all the crazy art on the the envie that slowed it down in the mail:-(
Comment: Thank you for the lovely postcard :D I love it!
Comment: Beautiful pictures on your board. Thanks for sharing. Wishing you a happy weekend.
Comment: Thank you for the postcard, I love your handwriting :))
Comment: Thanks for sharing your board with me! :)
Comment: Thank you for the board. I love that little armoir at the end - I want one now! x
Comment: Yes we are closer by:) thank you for the crafty tags. Enjoy your summer.
Comment: Thank you for sharing! :) Lots of yummy things!
Comment: Oh how I love getting zines in the mail so what could be better than a zine that looks like a letter! I thought that was a great cover. Enjoyed all the interesting facts too. Thanks so much.
Comment: I loved all the variety in your recipes - particularly the sweet potato recipes and the candy. Thank you!
Comment: I love the vintage look! Thanks for sharing!
Comment: Thanks for sharing your board! I am going to have to try the starbucks one!
Comment: Thank you so much for the postcard! :D
Comment: You have some nice things I want to try! I've pin something for my own. You told you tried mayo and eggs once, did it work for softer hair? Thanks for sharing.
Response: I thought it did work but what did I know I was a kid? I think the egg more than anything else worked.
Comment: We love the different color inks! Thank you.
Comment: Thank you for the great ocean card and the quotes. They are very well said.
Comment: Thank you for the nice postcard!
Comment: Love the card you chose, Thank you!
Comment: Thank you for the Missouri postcard. I haven't been to our drive in since it reopened. It burned down & everyone got together to rebuild it. I hope you enjoyed the movie you saw. Our weather is already hot, hot, hot. Wish I could hang out by the pool instead of working.
Comment: Loved the postcard, thank you so much! I love peaches, I haven't heard if we will get any or not. We get them from Porter, OK & they are wonderful
Comment: Thanks for participating in this swap. I hope you found it enjoyable.
Comment: I got your pc today. Beautiful picture on it. Thank you :)
Comment: Thanks for sharing your music! :)
Comment: Wonderful stories. I would love to come and spend some time in your fairy land. It sounds wonderful.
Comment: I think we have some of the same book 'tastes'. Thanks for sharing!
Comment: Thank you, beautiful building! Thanks for joining, too.
Comment: I love your board! I have to try and make the bear hug biscuits ! :)
Comment: Thank you for the postcard. I just started a new job so I spent the morning in an office.
Comment: Nice board, thank you for sharing.
Comment: Thank you for your fast and great photos of food! I also had made a bread pudding that week :) Sorry for the late rating!
Comment: Thank you for the cute little package:)
Comment: Thank you for the great map card from Illinois. It's one that I don't have.
Comment: I got it early! Thank you so much! I love all the stickers you sent.
Comment: Thank you and thanks for the extras! I've added them to my jar.
Comment: Thank you for the wonderful zine. I love the dandelion on the front and the dandelion wine recipe!
Comment: Your zine is so well made... What an interesting story.... It sounds like a movie! Thank you for a very nice swap!!
Comment: Thanks a lot for the recipes. :-)
Comment: Wow, you really made my mouth water! Your meal look delicious! I especially love the burgers and bread pudding, yum!! Thank you for your recipes and thanks for the resend :)
Comment: Thanks for sharing your cats with me! :)
Comment: Thanks for the birthday wishes!
Comment: Thank you so much for the stadium postcard! I rarely ever see these!
Comment: Thanks for all the good wishes ~ Nice drawing also. I really like this Ohio Postcard, thanks for sharing. I lived in Missouri for 18 years, near Columbia, beautiful state. We also had a cabin on The Lake of the Ozarks, miss it so much :( Take care & I wish you an awesome summer, Judy
Comment: Oh what a neat postcard! Super cool. Thank you very much :D
Comment: Thank you for the great card from St. Louis and your summer to do list.
Comment: Thank you for sharing, I found something to repin! :)
Teacake rated for These are a few of my favourite things.. on Jun 6, 2014
Comment: Thankyou so much for your lovely email, I loved your photos too :D
Comment: Thank you so much for the wonderful postcard! I hope to visit St. Louis at some point this year! My favorite kind of cupcake is probably a chocolate malt cupcake! (found a recipe online and fell. in. LOVE!) You should make cupcakes this weekend! Cupcakes make everything better :D <3
Comment: A wonderful selection of vehicles - thank you! x
Comment: Thank you so much for your delicious board! x
Comment: Love the card, thank you!
Comment: That is a very sweet story!
Comment: Thank you Ellie! I loved that you took the time to make your board personal.
Comment: Excellent pics! You did a great job with a challenging set of categories :)
Comment: Oh Ellie I just fell in love with your envie..adorable whale...nice lips too...LOL......I will certainly treasure it forEver and you even wrote a fairy tale? I just love your swap. Im going to your profile now too. P.s Yea, I couldnt believe I had it in me to Re-Create my profile. Thank you for the positive feedback on my profile. Makes me feel good. xoxox
deboraht rated for These are a few of my favourite things.. on Jun 2, 2014
Comment: Thank you for your quotes.
Comment: Thanks for sharing your board!
gizmodust rated for These are a few of my favourite things.. on Jun 1, 2014
Comment: Some lovely places at your board. Thanks for sharing.
Comment: Las Colinas! Very nice. And thank you for the nice flower drawing on the back. I loved it.
Comment: I want to eat all those things you have pinned! Thank you for sharing!
Comment: Thanks for the wonderful pictures! I love how you explained each picture in such detail. The bread pudding is to die for!
Comment: Hey, Ellie, we meet again! ;D Thanks for your great playlist! :)
Comment: thanks for sharing your list!! I've heard of imagine dragons before but not their music..and it is good! gonna listen to more songs from them!
sp1c4 rated for What's on my plate! #2 on May 31, 2014
lagemaz rated for What's in a name? on May 31, 2014
Comment: I can't wait to try some of these!
Comment: I love your Pinterest board! You have a lot of yummy looking recipes and I look forward to trying some of them out! Thanks for sharing!
Comment: Thanks for sharing some wonderful cocktails with me. I've pinned some on my own board.
eimat rated for What's in a name? on May 29, 2014
Comment: Love the photo of the church. Thank you for sharing your photos!
Comment: I LOVE all the black flowers! Thank you for sharing! <3
Comment: Thanks for sharing your board, they are fantastic pictures and I really love it! :)
Comment: Love the church and the hotel. Thanks for sharing! :)
Comment: We did the 5 languages of love at church once.
cynlen rated for What's on my plate! #2 on May 27, 2014
Comment: Thank you for the great pictures! I really liked that you included recipes so we can try things. Thank you. :-)
Comment: Thank you for sharing your story :)
Scubaroo73 rated for Rock music from your country on May 27, 2014
Comment: Thank you for sharing the music. My husband is excited to have some new music on the Ipod. Happy Swapping
Owly00 rated for What's in a name? on May 27, 2014
Comment: The ferry's are different to the ones ive seen as ive never seen anything like that before.
Tiiamaria rated for What's on my plate! #2 on May 27, 2014
Comment: Thank you for the pictures of your yummy looking foods. I have to save the recipes and try some later.
Comment: Thank you do much for the super cute envie and the enchanting fairy zine. I shared it with my grands and they loved it almost as much as I did! You are so creative.
rilakkumasensei rated for What's in a name? on May 26, 2014
Comment: A wife and mother-in-law's relationship is sometimes very trying... I've had the experience. Thanks for the story.
AJoyCraftS rated for What's in a name? on May 26, 2014
Aubrey rated for What's in a name? on May 26, 2014
Response: Thank you for your very kind words and for rating. Happy Happy Memorial Day:-)
Comment: Thanks for the cut-out card, Ellie! Hope you have a terrific summer!
Response: You are very welcome. Thank you for rating. A terrific summer to you too. Happy Happy Memorial Day
Comment: Thank you for the great card! I love the cutout!
Response: You are very welcome. Thank you for rating. A wish for a terrific summer to you. Happy Happy Memorial Day
Comment: Wow Ellie! This is a great story! I am going to pass it on to my friends here in Larsen Bay! Thank you too for the Birthday and Mother's Day wishes! I so enjoy hearing from you! Hugs from Alaska, Sherry
tigerlily2110 rated for Rock music from your country on May 24, 2014
Comment: Thank you for your list.
Comment: Thank you for the really cool St. Louis postcard. I got excited, and homesick, when I saw it- I lived in St. Louis for almost 20 years before moving to San Diego. :-)
Comment: Thank you very much for the postcard! And your flower drawing on the back made my day ^_^
Response: You are very welcome. Glad you liked the flower. I was just doodling. Thank you for rating. A wish for a terrific summer to you. Happy Happy Memorial Day
Comment: I don't think i'd be brave enough to kite surf!
Comment: Thank you for the neat PC! I love it. Thank you very much :D
Response: You are very welcome. So glad that you liked it. Thank you for rating. A wish for a terrific summer to you. Happy Happy Memorial Day
Response: You are very welcome. Thank you for rating. Also, very grateful that you joined my swap:-). A wish for a terrific summer to you. Happy Happy Memorial Day
Comment: Thank you for the great board! I like how you have a variety of actors on there!
Response: Glad you liked them. Thank you for rating. A wish for a terrific summer to you. Happy Happy Memorial Day
Comment: Thank you for your great board:)

00171                 // Other vars you can change, but less frequently used:
00182                 // If you want to change this, please do so through a skin using the global var $TBE_STYLES
00688                         // Logging: Can't find better place to put it:
00890                         // The default color scheme should also in full be represented in the stylesheet.
01079                 // These vars defines the layout for the table produced by the table() function.
01080                 // You can override these values from outside if you like.
01529                                 $index+=1;      // Need to add one so checking for first index in JavaScript is different than if it is not set at all.
01729                                 // If the selected page is not online, find the right ID
01734                                 // If more than one was found...:
01787 // These are meant to provide backend screens with different widths.
01789 // but obviously the final width is determined by the stylesheet used.

For your convenience, their Kitchen Sanitisation service can be customised to suit your individual needs so you dont have to have hassle any longer. All of our professional staff in are fully trained and also covered by our employers liability insurance, so let us provide you with our efficient and reliable services today in .
We offer a complete range of cleaning support for your business or home so you can live a cleaning free life. Let us cater to your Kitchen Sanitisation today so we can pay attention to your needs and requirements.
If you require additional information on Kitchen Sanitisation in and the surrounding areas, then get in touch with us.

The wisdom that comes from heaven is first of all pure; then peace-loving, considerate, submissive, full of mercy and good fruit, impartial and sincere. Peacemakers who sow in peace reap a harvest of righteousness. James 3:17-18

9 Problems with the New Skin (Add to the list)
True, it's kind of frustrating that you have to mind your capitalization all the time. Maybe we could set up a task force to create redirect pages? Like, someone does all the hats, someone does all the ranged weapons, someone..etc etc?? Just throwing the idea around. I would be glad to help. --Disarray 13:02, 13 April 2006 (CDT)
Ah, good to see something like that's already in place. Getting there is another problem though. I'll fix a link on the food page. Thanks! --Nappa 08:36, 26 June 2006 (CDT)
Yeah, we'll do that and possibly the item desc number and along with numbers for skills, effects, etc. ...or at least put it on the todo list.--Dehstil (t_c) 22:35, 30 June 2006 (CDT)
In the featured article about The Huge Cannon, shouldn't the very first word, originaly, be spelled like originally? I failed to find an "edit" link, so... I thought I'd post it here. Sorry if this is actually too small news to be put here...--acdr 16:16, 17 May 2006 (CDT)
It would be really cool if there was an extension that generated random numbers depending on the range that you put in. (something like <ran>1_5</ran>. That would generate a random integer between 1 and 5, including 1 and 5.--SomeStranger (Talk _ Contribs) 22:41, 17 May 2006 (CDT)
There seem to be a lot of projects here. Perhaps we ought to make a page that lists them all. --Ihmhi 23:30, 28 May 2006 (CDT)
Problems with the New Skin (Add to the list)
This has all been moved to a seperate page for better organization. Head over to Discussion/Things that are broken.
Hey, I don't want to make an enormous stink or overstep some boundary, but seriously, have the authors of the new skin seen what this looks like in Firefox? I think that's what's causing most of the conflict.
. The area containing all of the information is much smaller than before, which is stupid . The links to pages are oversized compared to everything else . The border takes up about a quarter of the screen, wasting space . Its fecking slow . Things like the items by number pages now look stupid because there are now like, 500 linebreaks that weren't there before. . Bah - Firestorm ZERO 31st May.....
He has a point about the borders. Between the column on the left and the new column on the right, the main body of the page only has about two thirds of the screen to work with. My resolution isn't great (1024x768), but this is pretty bad. --echan
Calm down =) It was a joke. Did you notice the day? 6/6/06. It will be changed back tomorrow...--SomeStranger (T _ C) 11:34, 6 June 2006 (CDT)
I'm not sure whether other users have this too, but the TPS page has this huge black bar running through the middle all the way down... It'd be nice if you'd be able to fix it.
This also occurs on the main page of the Classes/Skills link.
For example, you could specify a link as either:
For myself, when I find Wikipedia links that use the external syntax I convert them to the internal syntax. I don't know if others bother to do that, though.
Regarding tone, I don't mind having a casual tone here in the wiki, as long as the information is clear and it's reasonably grammatical. The game itself has a pretty casual tone, after all, and we're not trying to compete with real encyclopedias the way Wikipedia is. -- Old Ned 06:16, 3 June 2006 (CDT)
I figured there was more to the banning, but what about the listing of items that are hacked out by people? I'm not trying to say he shouldn't have been banned, or that he has not acted like an asshat in the past, I'm asking why the changes were reverted. Door Code page aside, Did he not hack the jewelrymaking pliers and ring setting out of the db? --Pastamancer5 00:37, 17 June 2006 (CDT)
Much as I dislike his attitude and the way he's been acting about all this, I would be okay with having him listed as the discoverer of those items he actually did discover, as long as the tone is as neutral as when more popular players like BoozerBear or HotStuff are mentioned. -- Old Ned 00:51, 17 June 2006 (CDT)
There are certainly other items that only exist as a result of hacking, though most I can think of at the moment were hacked many times by many different people. --Ricket 00:27, 21 June 2006 (CDT)
We need a final decision on this, preferably before Max's ban expires, which should be pretty soon now. It sounds to me like the consensus is to remove all names from items, except those few items that were never available except through hacking. Does that sound acceptable to the majority? -- Old Ned 22:54, 1 July 2006 (CDT)
Can we just slow down a moment and start explaining some of this stuff, instead of one or two people just doing it and the rest of us wondering wtf's going on?? -- Old Ned 22:49, 20 June 2006 (CDT)
Something is seriously wrong with this wiki - on at least 3 separate occasions today, series of edits have taken place with timestamps up to 15 minutes into the future, only to have subsequent edits appear to happen before them. Notable examples are the jewel-eyed wizard hat, Template:Plural, and my recent updates of items 900-999 where the update to Proposed Standards appeared to happen before I finished converting the last 15 items in the set. And just now, it's happening again with this very article. What exactly is going on here? --Quietust 00:11, 1 July 2006 (CDT)
It's been there from when the list was added to the page... Phlip 05:15, 2 July 2006 (CDT)
I've updated both of them, but it would appear that one of the "speed updates" was to disable the MediaWiki namespace and copy all of the messages into a static file on the server, making it impossible for anybody to update them. An actual Administrator is going to have to update these. --Quietust 22:04, 4 July 2006 (CDT)
They seem to have updated now. It'd be nice to know why they didn't update automatically before. --Quietust 00:35, 5 July 2006 (CDT)
Make it so the text applies any day.
Even by linking to another site which provides the answer? That's not spoiling them here, it's providing a link to a site that does if people really want the spoilers. In any case, the talk page on the quest needs to reflect this as otherwise it looks like arbitrary elitism, as opposed to an arbitrary agreement with Jick. SilverPalmLEAF 17:25, 24 July 2006 (CDT)
The only problem is I can't think of any content for "Combining" other than one long list of items that can be combined along with mention of meat paste and untinkering, which is already accomplished by "Category:Combines".--Dehstil (t_c) 14:03, 25 July 2006 (CDT)
How long does it take the wiki to update the Collection section for each item? I ask because the Bowl of lucky charms collection is out of date and disagrees with the epeterso2 database. I had assumed the database was queried in real time by the wiki, for some reason
Seems fine to me. It functions as a captcha and an intelligence test, which you clearly passed. I mean, do you really want to let just anyone edit the wiki? I'm only kidding. I agree it's bogus. --Crowther 21:08, 27 July 2006 (CDT)
I'm busily going through the adventures in accordance with a Large issue at Needs Work, and I thought that for future reference, if anything like this were to happen again, it would be so much easier to have the Adventures category in the template itself, rather than at the bottom of every page. --Alpaca (T/C) 15:45, 1 August 2006 (CDT)
I actually suggested this very thing over here, but it was rejected due to numerous users placing said standardization templates within their own user pages (not to mention the resulting miscategorization of the Established Standards pages). I'm trying to get this re-evaluated at least for usage in Template:Item with smith/cook/cocktail/jewelry ingredients, though it would be nice to have it for other templates as well. --Quietust 16:00, 1 August 2006 (CDT)
*Bump* I'm eager to press ahead with changing the Adventure pages, but it would help to know if I can go about it this way or not. --Alpaca (T/C) 17:17, 2 August 2006 (CDT)
How does one find the item number of an item? If I say, see it in someone's store, is there a URL or something to inspect? --DirkDiggler 04:09, 2 August 2006 (CDT)
Take a look at Items_by_number. It may not be the best description yet (it's still pretty new), but it is a description. Teffania 08:07, 2 August 2006 (CDT)
Right -- I mean, once I see the shiny new object in some brilliant person's store, how do I determine the unique item number so that I may add it to the Items_by_number page?--DirkDiggler 09:01, 2 August 2006 (CDT)
This is kinda minor, but a number of pages say "Drop Location" and others "Drop Locations". We've always kept "References" plural no matter how many were listed. It's too hard to change the "s" back and forth as we add and remove items to a section anyways, so I say they should all be "Drop Locations". Does anyone disagree?--Dehstil (t_c) 22:25, 2 August 2006 (CDT)
The other solution, of course, is to change the Established Standards. It's not like they're written in stone - hell, I've rewritten a few of 'em myself. --Quietust 22:41, 9 August 2006 (CDT)
The only problem is that this is inconsistent with Uses, Notes, and References, which are always to be plural. --Quietust 22:53, 9 August 2006 (CDT)
Agreed, but on the other hand, "Use," "Note," and "Reference" all have a distinctly bad ring to them, while "Drop Location" doesn't. --Alpaca (T/C) 14:20, 14 August 2006 (CDT)
I'm still all for "Drop Locations". I've been changing reference to references and use to uses as stated in standards. Sometimes there's only one thing listed, but other times it's because something was added to the list and nobody bothered to pluralize the header, so now I change them regardless of the number of things listed...unless people are totally against that.--Dehstil (t_c) 13:48, 10 August 2006 (CDT)
Check out Special:Version. How long has that been in there?--Dehstil (t_c) 16:49, 3 August 2006 (CDT)
I've poked around in here for about two weeks now and I haven't run across the answers to a couple of general questions:
If you gain access to a zodiac sign special area, do you get to keep it after your next ascension?
If an adventure requires elemental resistance, but is not itself a combat adventure (such as in The Daily Dungeon), does any amount of elemental resistance suffice? I.e., do the different levels of resistance have any effect outside of combat?
Now that you know it would be beneficial for other users if you were to add the information to pages which you think should have it.--SomeStranger (t_c) 18:02, 10 August 2006 (CDT)
I made three different versions of the Drink Matrix in the sandbox: 1 2 3. I've been staring at it so long I can't decide which one looks best. Obviously I'd like it if all three possible icons ( or _ or _ ) could fit across a single cell, but I can't seem to get that to happen. Also, it would be great if the Mask/Sword/Ball icons went to the recipe pages for their skill-based results, but the click template screws up the alignment within the table cell. Anybody have any preferences or advice? --Jonrock 19:29, 13 August 2006 (CDT)
Take a look at my personal sandbox to see how I messed around with {{click}} and images in tables. Dunno if it'll help. --Alpaca (T/C) 12:23, 14 August 2006 (CDT)

When Krishna Priya didi met Gurudeva for the first time, she knew she had met her very best friend. Some time after I received Harinama from Gurudeva, I realized I was scared of him. It took me a couple of month where I meditated on this, because it seemed so strange to be scared of Gurudeva. It made no sense.
I don’t understand people. They baffle me. I’m getting the impression that most devotees from Gurudeva’s sanga want to be cheated. I don’t understand it.
To satisfy the Lord, anything is good, for it is in relation with the Absolute Truth. We also had the same opportunity to cheat the family members and leave home to engage in the service of Shrimad-Bhagavatam. Such cheating was necessary for a great cause, and there is no loss for any party in such transcendental fraud.
Srila Gurudeva: I am depending on you for everything. But you have given it up. Now carry on. Everything depends on you.
It’s so huge contradictions both in the statements of Gurudeva and in his service that it’s enough to baffle.
I can appreciate it if people do not immediately accept everything that Prabhji says in his class.
… Gurudeva quite clearly said that we should always look to the scriptures to confirm things and he also said on a number of occasions that Prabhji’s class is nonsense so I can understand why people are frustrated with him.
… In regard to Gour Govinda Maharaj he was present in Keshavji Gaudiya Math when he first arrived there and so is in a much better position than our dear friend or any other biographer to reveal what actually happened on that occasion. Why hadn’t he spoken about this before? Well why should he when he knows this is the reaction he will get?
Only a fool would easily discard ones Guru or those he seeks guidance from. But we do have to deeply look into the arguments and inconsistencies that are pointed out to us. It’s an opportunity for learning.
The backbone of all devotees no matter what we believe is that they speak the truth, especially sannyasis who have been at it for decades.
At the same time, we are human with faults.
This is an important distinction. When you have kids, there is a certain way to raise them when they do something wrong. You criticize their acts, but not the kid itself. The kid isn’t good/bad/etc because he did something wrong, but their one act may be unkind. This is the approach I try to take when I open my big mouth.
Sannyasis always have to stand up for the truth/siddhanta, they have to stay true to their calling even when it’s uncomfortable, even if it means sometimes you have to go after a person.
This is about correction between devotees. I don’t see a need for regular devotees like me to become involved in this. We can be on the sideline and observe, making some reflections that can help us spiritually.
So.. well. At least spiritual life keeps it interesting for mundanes like me.
Suddenly the dream I had comes forward in an unexpected way. May be this was Gurudevas way of telling me where my community were – but I wouldn’t understand it until 10 years later? My be the dream told me where I should go for siksa?
I’m so, so, so looking forward to this. Finally! Finally I will be under guidance again? I sure need it.
And being in Vrindavin again will be amazing. I’m coming home.
I used to follow ekadasi many years ago. I always dreaded it, knowing it would be a day I was working while being hungry, having a splitting headache, being cold, tired and fantasizing on all I couldn’t eat. Who wants that?
Breakfast was to be creamy buckwheat with fruits and nuts. A little research gave me what looked like a delicious broccoli soup and for dinner just potatoes in cream sauce.
I wasn’t hungry, but more importantly, no day dreaming on what I couldn’t do. I was content. The next day came and I checked when to break the fast, it was too early so I waited. No big deal.
So again, this shows progress to me. An unexpected progress that I hadn’t really been aware of, but it’s still huge. It’s huge because for the first time, the tongue gave me no troubles, the mind gave me no troubles and the body is just not used to fasting. How wonderfully exciting!
Usually I can only spot progress when I think a year back in time etc. but this time it came forward differently. And with my eating habits as well, which is something I have been wanting for so long. I will see if this is something that sticks, but experience is that when things is effortless it usually fixes itself.
What made this time different? Usually I have been a stickler for following rules, but now I don’t care much for them. I have always looked a bit askance at the rules enforced at purebhakti.com. I understand grains, but why broccoli, cauliflower, leafy greens etc? What is the real purpose behind them?
Ideally, I would only drink water and may be some fruits, but my body and mind is just not ready for that. Give it time and practice and this will change.
What do you think about the ekadasi fasting rules? What should be permitted for somebody who isn’t able to follow the strictest regime (and what should be the strictest)?
If somebody have the articles, I would love to read those especially because I suspect those articles may address something I’m very curious about:
“Unless there is some disagreement there cannot be hari-katha” (around 28:00)
Gurudeva laughed “Very good. I will be watching the fire and I will be laughing. Cause actually I’m not interested in what will happen after. This is not my business. There is Krishna and he will take care of this.”
I can’t for the life of me understand the benefits of a breakup. I just don’t understand it. If we take the madhurya-rati side it seems like they keep themselves connected. What positive side effects does a breakup have?
This indicates that a breakup can be good. By dividing, Krishna can achieve something. But what?
For the record, I don’t hold any opinions on this matter myself (at least not now). I just like the philosophical understanding that can come of this.

Few sequels are as different as Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII is from the other titles in the FFXIII series. It has a new world and a battle system so highly modified as to be nearly unrecognizable. But when it comes down to it, these changes are all for the good as they make for a game that is simply fun to play.
But even more than that, by spending a single EP (a special kind of point you receive as a reward after each battle), you can stop the clock for a minute of real world time. If you are in an enemy-filled area, you should be able to make that EP back before time unfreezes—allowing you to perpetually stop time.
By freezing time often (though far from as often as I could have), I was able to complete every main quest and all but one side quest by the end of day ten. So, as far as I can tell, it's perfectly possible to do it all if you are careful.
But even if you aren't careful, there's no need to worry. The game has a New Game Plus feature which allows you to take all your weapons and costumes into the next playthrough—all but ensuring you'll fly through the game on a second try.
But even more than the need to grow stronger, there was another need that drove me to complete every quest I possibly could: Every mission gets you at least an accessory or costume for Lightning to wear.
When it comes down to it, it's safe to say I spent hours of my time messing around in Lightning Returns' costume customization screen. There are dozens of costumes and nearly a hundred decorations to mix and match. Moreover, each weapon and shield has its own unique look.
Moreover, as nearly all cutscenes use the in-game engine, you will be seeing your costume a lot—so it's nice to spend a little extra effort to make it look awesome.
Each attack takes up a certain amount of AP. When you use up all your AP, you'll have to wait for your AP pool to refill. While it does so naturally if you do nothing, it will refill much faster if you switch to another costume. Thus, most battles are an endless chain of blocks and attacks as you cycle through your costumes.
By exploiting their weaknesses, you are able to break the monsters’ defenses—though this is where good planning and customization comes in. When the enemies break, each type breaks in a different way. Some lose physical or magical defense while others become increasingly weak to one single element or to status debuffs. Still, with the exception of a few random enemies, it’s usually not too difficult pick a good set of attacks and have them work for the whole area.
And really, the inability to upgrade equipment meant that there were loads of shields, weapons, and costumes that I never touched. Many look cool but were just too weak stat-wise to be practical.
I really enjoyed my time with Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII. While not a perfect game, it is definitely one that is just fun to play. Its open world and myriad of quests will likely appeal to those who felt slighted by FFXIII's previous linear design; and the battle system will no doubt make those who like their fights fast-paced and action-packed more than a bit happy.
In the end, Lightning Returns is by far the best of the Final Fantasy XIII trilogy in terms of gameplay, and it has a story good enough to carry it from start to finish.
For more on Lightning Returns, be sure to check out the picture diary of my first few hours with the game, the game's quirky way of playing around with music, or our video where we walk you through what it is like to play the game.
Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII was released on November 21, 2013, for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in Japan. It will be released in North America on February 11, 2014, and in Europe on February 14, 2014.

NEWTON'S law of motion states that to every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. And for a hurling force of nature like this Kilkenny team, the only surprise of the ferocity of yesterday's Black-and-Amber backlash was that anyone had doubted it in the first place.
Attempting to rank the level of satisfaction of the achievement of winning so many All-Irelands has always led Brian Cody to surmise that the most recent success was the only one that counted.
But yesterday, when he proclaimed without hesitation that the victory over Tipperary “by far our best achievement, without a shadow of a doubt” – you didn't doubt him for a second.
Doubt. It's a strange affliction for _a team as successful as Kilkenny or _a manager as all-conquering as _Cody, but such was the level of their performances over the past decade, any minor dip in brilliance was always going to be scrutinised and analysed to within an inch of its life in the search for the end of the line.
“The reaction was crazy,” he gasped. “I haven't read a paper since. It was a
bit of a strange thing to say about a team beaten in one championship game in six years. The choker bit ... I am not being smart but this is the kind _of rubbish that comes out of it.”
And so whoever doubted Kilkenny, it certainly wasn't their manager. _While acknowledging the merit in the theory that his team were underdogs, a situation he described as being “very much the reverse this year,” Cody was adamant that going into the final, his team were going to give a performance that did justice to their most awesome conquests in Croke Park.
“I was absolutely certain that we were going to play and we were going to perform,” he said.
“We were questioned very, very much whether the thing was over for us. We were in a different place completely in the expectation levels of everybody.
“We faced an enormous challenge
“I would say for certain that the level we played at up until now all year would not have been at all sufficient to win the game today.
prepared as they had been under Liam Sheedy's watch the previous year was given short shrift, though he did accept that Kilkenny's appetite was far more obvious than his own team's.
“We were blown out of it in a couple of tackles and that's maybe down to attitude and hunger,” he sighed.
“Kilkenny have shown over the last five years that they have savage hunger and they showed it today.
“We haven't done anything different today than we have done all year,” he continued. “For guys who have played so well and trained so hard over the last six to eight weeks it's difficult to put a finger on it.”
“I'm glad we were tested to our limits,” he said proudly. “I think that is what these players have been doing for the last number of years.
“I think it is a wonderful testament to them.”

What did matter to them, were their local churches and their local religious practices. The whole Lincolnshire Rising was sparked off when rumours spread that Commissioners were coming to take away all of the church plate, paid for by the offerings of the parish over decades, and give it to the King.
The recent Acts had also abolished the majority of Saints Days and festivals, during harvest period from 1 st July to 29th September. This was much resented, as was the command that all local parish festivals in honour of the saint to whom the church was dedicated should be carried out on 2nd November, rather than on the individual saint's day.
Only in Cumberland and Lancashire is there definite evidence that the monasteries were of concern. Their contribution to charity while it seems depressingly low (11% of their income, on average) was certainly higher than the national average, calculated by the Valor Ecclesiasticus at a mere 3%.If the evidence of Wills of the period is to be believed, the lay community was more concerned about the parish churches and the Friaries.
A further measure, resented by the gentry and nobility, although it was irrelevant to lower ranks, was the Statute of Uses. In accordance with feudal practice, if an estate passed to a minor, both land and heir would fall into the King's hands until the heir's majority, at which point the heir would "sue his livery" by paying a fine and taking possession.
To avoid this, it was common practice for landowners to transfer their lands to "feoffees" (similar to a modern trustee) who would then hold the land until the heir reached twenty-one, and transfer it back to him. The Crown was missing out on valuable income. After numerous bills had failed to pass through Parliament, eventually the King got his way, and, leaving aside the arcane detail, retained control of minors, thus increasing his revenues at the expense of his vassals.
This was the background against which the rebellions took place.

I'd like to schedule a showing for 9504 S KENNETH Place

There are affordable computers, there are cheap computers and then there’s the Endless Mini, which is available for as little as $79. “Everybody in the world deserves the option to have a
Samsung has made its name in mobile as the world’s biggest maker of Android devices. But it looks like it has different plans in mind when it comes to connected devices and the Internet of Thin
Oh, Switzerland, you seem to have it all: fine chocolates, fondue, goats with bells around their necks. But what you don’t have is a sense of how to beat smartwatch makers without looking silly.
Having hands is pretty damn great, you know. Most of us take it for granted just about every day. Armed with the right tool, your hands can do just about anything. That’s the idea behind Carbon
I have no idea if friendship bracelets are still a thing, but Jewelbots is trying to bring them into the 21st century — and it’s trying to teach kids the basics of programming at the same
<a target="_blank" href="http://www.garmin.com/en-US">Garmin</a>'s new Varia Vision device could either be a dream come true for cyclists or a work in progress, but this is definitely an interesting a

The cheapest way to get from Providence Airport (PVD) to United States Coast Guard Academy Visitors Center is to drive which costs $5 - $8 and takes 55 min.
What is the fastest way to get from Providence Airport (PVD) to United States Coast Guard Academy Visitors Center?
The quickest way to get from Providence Airport (PVD) to United States Coast Guard Academy Visitors Center is to drive which costs $5 - $8 and takes 55 min.
The best way to get from Providence Airport (PVD) to United States Coast Guard Academy Visitors Center without a car is to bus and train which takes 2 h 28 min and costs $75 - $200.
How long does it take to get from Providence Airport (PVD) to United States Coast Guard Academy Visitors Center?
It takes approximately 2 h 28 min to get from Providence Airport (PVD) to United States Coast Guard Academy Visitors Center, including transfers.
There are 81+ hotels available in United States Coast Guard Academy Visitors Center. Prices start at $67 USD per night.
Rome2rio is a door-to-door travel information and booking engine, helping you get to and from any location in the world. Find all the transport options for your trip from Providence Airport (PVD) to United States Coast Guard Academy Visitors Center right here. Rome2rio displays up to date schedules, route maps, journey times and estimated fares from relevant transport operators, ensuring you can make an informed decision about which option will suit you best. Rome2rio also offers online bookings for selected operators, making reservations easy and straightforward.

SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) -- If any publicly traded companies sell hair dye, now might be the time to buy their stock.
As more baby boomers see their hair turn gray in coming years, age discrimination is likely to send them running for the Grecian Formula before their next job interview.
That's just what Marshall Levy did to give his gray-bearded face a youthful look after months of experiencing subtle age discrimination in job interviews.
Before he turned to hair dye, the first words Levy heard in a recent job interview with a telecom company manager were "the average age around here is 28," recounted Levy, a 57-year-old with 30 years' experience as a finance executive, in Chico, Calif.
It's not clear what the hiring manager meant -- Levy didn't ask for clarification -- but it seemed an unlikely moment to bring up age.
"I don't fault any of the companies I interview with for not hiring me," he said. "You want to make sure that the person you're going to hire is going to be a good personality fit with the rest of your organization, but you can't judge that just on 'how old are you.'"
Levy estimates he's faced some form of age bias in more than half of his job interviews, and it seems likely he's not alone.
"The concept that you can't teach old dogs new tricks is total nonsense," said Paul Boymel, an attorney in the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission's office of legal counsel.
"Every study has shown that, at least where heavy manual labor is not involved, older workers outperform younger workers as a class, with far less absenteeism, far less hopping from job to job, better work ethic," he said. But "not everybody's gotten that message."
About 10% of the some 17,800 age-discrimination claims filed last year with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission were related to hiring.
But those figures undoubtedly leave uncounted a great number of job seekers who never file a claim even if they bear the brunt of age bias.
"It's probably one of the lowest number of charges filed with the EEOC, not because it's not prevalent but because they don't have the proof," said Laurie McCann, a senior attorney with AARP.
Older job seekers are convinced it's happening, and that includes highly-paid executives.
"Once you get into your early 50s, folks really begin to feel that their age is ... a negative factor in that hiring decision," said Marc Cenedella, president of TheLadders.com, an online job board focused on positions that pay $100,000 or more.
"We hear that all the time," he said. Sixty-nine percent of executives said they'd been victims of age discrimination, according to a recent survey of members of TheLadders.com. See the Web site.
How much of that is simply frustration from people who can't find a job? No one knows. But Cenedella claims the bulk of it is age bias.
"Maybe there's a little bit of that sour grapes, but I've heard [about age bias] from so many different people in so many different tones of voice and stations and across the country ... it really does exist in this country," he said.
"Not only do I hear it from the candidates, I hear it from [human resources] managers who should know better," said Renee Ward, founder of Seniors4Hire.org, an online job resource board for older Americans. See the Web site.
At a recent conference, Ward asked a question of some personnel managers: If you posted a job requiring three to five years' experience, would you deny the job to a candidate with 10 years' experience solely because of those extra years?
The consensus was yes, she said. "An older person can't do this job," a 30-something manager at a perfume company told Ward. "She was just blatant about it," Ward said, noting that three other people at the table agreed with the manager.
Of course, older workers require higher compensation and are likelier to generate higher health-care insurance costs than their younger counterparts.
"Older workers are starting to get viewed differently by select companies because they're facing shortages in talent areas that they need," he said.
At least one job seeker disagrees.
Klos felt confident about one prospect recently. He'd met with seven people, including a top executive, and the company was talking to him about salary and start date.
But in the middle of a day of meetings, the hiring managers abruptly asked Klos to complete an application form, and specifically directed him to include his high school graduation date.
The job offer dried up within 24 hours. Klos believes it was because of the gap between his college and high school grad dates, four years longer than other job applicants' because of his time in the military.
Later, he mentioned the story to his daughter, who had recently completed a personnel-management course at her firm.
"I talked about the abrupt demand" for graduation dates, Klos said. "Her jaw dropped open. She said 'Oh my God, they just taught us to do that.'"
In her management course, Klos' daughter was told to insist on high school graduation dates on application forms. "This is our vehicle for making sure that you don't inadvertently hire older employees," Klos' daughter was told by her company.
It's difficult to tell whether a rejected job applicant is turned away due to age, or some deficiency, maybe a poorly matched set of skills for the job.
"Once they reach their 40s, people have very different ranges of experience," Boymel said. "If somebody has 20 years of low-level management experience but no higher-level management experience, that person might be less favorable as a candidate than someone a lot younger who has five years of higher-management experience."
When the EEOC investigates a claim, it looks at the company's overall hiring. "If it turns out that the employer is only hiring people in their 20s even though 50% of their applicants are over 50, that's questionable," Boymel said.
But other cases are less clear-cut. For instance, employers often use "you're overqualified" as a euphemism for "I don't want to spend resources on training you as you're likely to quit this job for a higher-level job in six months."
That could signal discrimination, or not.
But if the firm decides to not hire job seekers simply because they are overqualified, "that can be age discrimination," she said.
Other forms of potentially actionable bias include "if the person in the interview was stupid enough to ask their age or make other age-related comments," McCann said, such as "do you have trouble working with younger people" or "this is a high-tech company -- can you keep up?"
"None of that's going to be a slam-dunk win, but that's the type of proof you would look for," she said.
And, of course, there's always the hair-dye approach employed by Levy, the finance executive from Chico, Calif.
He said his first job interview since dyeing his beard went well.
"It's almost as though [the dye] made me feel younger," Levy said. "I didn't even go in there thinking about it, and the principals of this company were 38 and 39. We got along famously."

I was looking at your pictures & I was fascinated. I felt a little foolish that I didn’t ask you when i was here last [interviewing Jerald Melberg] if you did anything artistic. That would seem an obvious question. So when did you start painting?
Awesome…Awesome. And I don’t know a lot about oil paint, I’ve never used it. How does it compare to tempera or any other sort of paint?
CC: So oil paint, to me, one thing I love about it is how flexible it is…and flexible in many ways. Physically, it’s very flexible, if you paint properly with it. But also the dry time. Because acrylic painting always seemed to me like it would dry before I even made a brushstroke.
So I was really fascinated with this exhibition, Stories in Stillness. And they’re objects and antiques from your Grandfather?
CC: Ok. Well, I grew up in a small town in South Carolina called Leesville. Now it’s called Batesburg Leesville. My grandfather was a millworker, but he was also a farmer and he collected a lot of things from wherever he would see them, on the side of the road or wherever, so the barn was just full of this stuff.
I think it’s great because the painting served as a catalyst for this connection and I just love all of that.
Yeah, there’s such transformative power in art…It’s just amazing.
That’s amazing! I bet that was such a high!
So you have the Stories of Stillness, but then I saw you had Butterflies. Is that a different series?
CC: So this one, her wing is actually broken…
CC: When I grew up there was all this old advertising stuff around.
CC: …in many cultures is believed to be a protective barrier and I liked that. This is an old table top that I got out of my grandfather’s barn, actually.
Episode 52: Brooke talks with Rock Hushka, chief curator of the Tacoma Art Museum about the 30 Americans exhibition which runs until this Sunday, January 15, 2017. The critically acclaimed showcase of influential African-American artists who have have emerged as leading contributors to the contemporary art scene in the United States was put together nearly a decade ago, but is making its West Coast debut at the TAM. Eight of the thirty artists featured have strong Pacific Northwest connections, and the TAM has several programs related to the exhibition to involve the community in the discussion.
(Editor’s Note: For some reason the interview is taking a while to buffer. Please press the play button once, give it five seconds, and it should work. You can also go to your iTunes or Podcast App and subscribe to “Let’s Talk Art With Brooke”)
Artichoke Heart-beat, Pastel, 9″ x 12″
A Stent in Time Saves Fine, Oil, 9″ x 12″
Episode 50 : In a special 50th episode Brooke talks talk to her long-time friend Luann Schwall, who actualized her dream of being an artist after establishing a career as a therapist. Check out her designs at http://www.fifiandluludesigns.
(Editor’s Note: This episode was recorded several months ago, and we have a large number of interviews that are back-logged several weeks. All apologies to our listeners and interviewees. We have been overwhelmed with the positive responses and the amount of downloads and page views. I have been doing my best to make Brooke’s podcast the best it can be. Thank you for your patience and for making Let’s Talk Art With Brooke possible.)
Before embarking on a career as a full-time artist DeBerardinis was a corporate attorney, a playwright, a writer and editor with numerous by-lines, as well as a competitive fencer who trained with the U.S. Olympic Team. She also happens to be a lively and insightful conversationalist.
To learn more DeBerardinis and her art please visit her website at rosettadeberardinis.com.

Multiphoton microscopy is a powerful tool in neuroscience, promising to deliver important data on the spatiotemporal activity within individual neurons as well as in networks of neurons. A major… (More)
Site-directed mutagenesis of autolysis sites in the human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) protease was applied in an analysis of enzyme specificity; the protease served, therefore, as both… (More)

When Blanquita Rebolone de Colley was working as a funding advisor in the Office of the Registrar at Bow Valley College, she’d assess whether applicants were eligible for financial aid. Although she couldn’t examine their finances in much depth, she would sense when a prospective learner was facing issues. “I was not able to help them, because of the nature of the work that I was doing,” she says.
But since early 2017, Blanquita has been able to help learners with their finances, when she was given the chance to work as financial empowerment coach at the ATB Centre for Financial Empowerment.
She also chairs the Financial Coaching course in the School of Continuing Learning, which prepares frontline human services workers to teach financial literacy to low-income Calgarians. Once participants have completed the course, Blanquita invites them to the community of practice, a networking group where they get to hear from guest speakers and discuss solutions to scenarios they’ve encountered in their work.
When she coaches learners, Blanquita says that one of the challenges she has noticed is establishing trust. “It’s very intimidating to walk into an office and talk to a total stranger about money,” she says. “No one wants to talk about money.”
Her other approach? She is open about her own finances. “For me, it's very important to talk about money. I don't want people to feel uncomfortable. I'm an open book when it comes to finances. And I think our students appreciate that.”
Take the first step to talking about your finances. Book an appointment with Blanquita.

2: Communism and Fascism: Offspring of the War
8: The Coalition of the Big Three
8. The Coalition of the Big Three 184
There is no peace today, either formal or real. Over a great part of the world there is neither freedom of religion nor freedom of speech and expression. Freedom from fear and want is not an outstanding characteristic of the present age. The right of national self-determination, so vigorously affirmed in the Atlantic Charter, has been violated on a scale and with a brutality seldom equalled in European history.
The full irony of the war’s aftermath finds expression in the growing dependence of American foreign policy on the co-operation of former enemies, Germany and Japan. Three countries on whose behalf Americans were told the war was being waged, Poland, Czechoslovakia, and China, are now in the camp of this country’s enemies, so far as their present governments can achieve this purpose.
My book is an attempt to examine without prejudice or favor the question why the peace was lost while the war was being won. It puts the challenging questions which are often left unanswered, perhaps even unthought of, by individuals who are deeply identified emotionally with a crusading war.
Americans, more than any other people, have been inclined to interpret their involvement in the two great wars of the twentieth century in terms of crusades for righteousness. General Eisenhower calls his memoirs Crusade in Europe. And the mural paintings in the Widener Memorial Library at Harvard University show the American soldiers of World War I as chivalrous knights, fighting for the freedom of wronged peoples. They bear the inscription:
This was how the war appeared from the beginning to a minority of Americans who felt close emotional ties with Great Britain and France. There were politically and socially less influential German-American and Irish-American minorities with opposed sympathies.
Despite the President’s intellectual sympathy with the British and French political systems, as contrasted with the German, there is evidence that Woodrow Wilson, until he felt his hand forced on the unrestricted submarine warfare issue, sincerely desired to keep America out of the world conflict. His imagination was fired by the hope of playing a leading disinterested role at the peace conference. He saw the advantage Edition: current; Page: [[2]] of keeping one great power outside the ranks of the belligerents, capable of playing the part of mediator.
The President was not an absolute pacifist, but his scholarly training had given him a strong sense of the inevitable brutality and frequent futility of resorting to force in disputes between nations. He became increasingly attracted by the vision of an international organization capable of maintaining peace.
Shortly after the sinking of the Lusitania Wilson risked criticism at home and abroad by saying:
On two subsequent occasions he voiced sentiments that were truly prophetic, in the light of the crusade’s disillusioning aftermath. Addressing the Senate on January 22, 1917, he pleaded for a “peace without victory”:
For a man to be led by what he considers irresistible necessity to follow a course of action from which he anticipates no constructive results is one of the highest forms of tragedy. It was such a tragedy that brought Wilson sleepless nights before his call to arms on April 2, 1917.
“I have now read the dispatch, but do not agree with it. Let us consider how it should be answered!”
“The comfort, support and encouragement that Page’s presence was to the Secretary for Foreign Affairs may be imagined.”
The purpose of the blockade, according to Winston Churchill, who unconsciously anticipated a slogan of World War II, was to enforce unconditional surrender:
“Germany is like a man throttled by a heavy gag. You know the effect of such a gag. . . . The effort wears out the heart and Germany knows it. This pressure shall not be relaxed until she gives in unconditionally.”
The German Government on February 4, 1915, after vainly protesting against the rigors of the blockade, declared the waters surrounding the British Isles a war zone, in which every enemy merchant ship was liable to destruction. Neutral ships were also warned of danger in entering this zone.
The submarine issue came sharply to a head after the British cross-Channel steamer Sussex was torpedoed, with the loss of some American lives, in the spring of 1916. Wilson informed the German Government that, unless it abandoned present methods of submarine warfare against passenger- and freight-carrying ships, “the Government of the United States can have no choice but to sever diplomatic relations with the German Empire altogether.”
Faced with this clear-cut alternative, the German Government yielded. It consented not to sink merchant ships without warning and without taking precautions to save lives. It tried to link this concession with a suggestion that the United States should hold Great Britain responsible Edition: current; Page: [[5]] for observing international law in the matter of the blockade.
The American Government refused to admit any connection between these two issues. As Germany offered no further comment, the dispute was settled, for the moment, with a diplomatic victory for Wilson. But the danger remained that submarine warfare would be resumed whenever the German Government might feel that its advantages would outweigh the benefits of American neutrality. And the President had now committed the United States to a breach of relations in the event of a renewal of submarine attacks against nonmilitary shipping.
This consideration lent an element of urgency to Wilson’s efforts to find a basis for mediation. In the light of later events there can be little doubt that a negotiated peace on reasonable terms in 1915 or 1916 would have been incomparably the happiest possible ending of the war. Such a peace would probably have saved the fabric of European civilization from the fearful shocks of communism and nazism.
On the other hand the blockade was contracting their supplies of food and raw materials. And Germany and its allies faced a coalition of powers with a larger aggregate population and much more extensive natural resources. It would, therefore, have been advantageous for Germany to conclude peace on terms that gave some recognition to its military successes.
Here was indeed a venture in high politics. Wilson was willing to commit America to participation in a European war unless Germany consented not only to give up its conquests but to surrender Alsace-Lorraine, which had been an integral part of the German Empire for more than forty years.
The American offer, although politely registered, was never accepted. The Allies wanted a knockout victory and did not wish to tie their hands by accepting outside mediation, however friendly. They probably reckoned that America would be forced into the war ultimately because of the submarine issue. And, like the Germans, they were inclined to underestimate America’s military potential.
Long before America entered the war, its economy was being bolstered and sustained by huge Allied war orders. As the British and French ran short of means of payment, they floated loans of more than a billion and a half dollars on the American market, largely through the agency of the House of Morgan. Lend-lease was not thought of, but the economic aspects of the periods which preceded American involvement in the two great wars were remarkably similar.
Depression gave way to boom. There was unlimited demand for the products of the steel and other heavy industries. Prices of farm products were kept at high levels. This swollen and one-sided war trade built up a tremendous economic stake in Allied victory.
An emotional stake was also being built up, partly by deliberate propaganda, partly by the instinctive sympathy of influential groups in America with Britain and France. The task of British propaganda was greatly eased by the general disposition to accept it at face value, with little critical examination.
The best Allied propagandists were perhaps not the professionals, but the amateurs, men like Ambassador Page, who unconsciously and completely absorbed and mirrored the British viewpoint. There were thousands of Americans of this type in less distinguished positions—professors, writers, publicists, clergymen—who acted in all good faith and were all the more effective in influencing public opinion for this reason.
Moreover, Britons, in this war as on other occasions, were the most effective spokesmen for their country’s cause because of their national gift of restraint and understatement. This made it easy for them to identify more or less convincingly British interests with the requirements of reason, logic, and morality.
“This insensate brute is equally disloyal to his country and his kind—assuming him to be a man and not an animal—and at the same time he is as ignorant as he is treasonable.”
All prospect of a peace in which the United States might have played a mediating role disappeared on January 31, 1917, when Germany announced the resumption of unlimited submarine warfare. The naval and military leaders had convinced the Kaiser that they possessed sufficient submarine strength to cut the lifeline of British communications.
“There will be no war. This country does not intend to become involved in this war. We are the only one of the great white nations that is free from war today, and it would be a crime against civilization for us to go in.”
The Russian Revolution occurred on March 12, a few weeks after the fateful German decision. One of its consequences was to eliminate Russia from participation in the war. The Russian front crumbled during 1917, and early in 1918 Germany was able to impose the Peace of Brest-Litovsk on the Soviet Government, which had come into power on November 7, 1917.
Now it is highly doubtful whether Britain, France, Italy, and the smaller Allies, deprived of Russia’s vast manpower and receiving only economic aid from the United States, could have won a decisive military victory. The war would probably in this case have ended either in a German victory or in a stalemate, with Germany perhaps making some concessions in the West, but expanding on a large scale in the East.
The German leaders, however, did not anticipate the good fortune that was awaiting them in the East. They decided to stake everything on the submarine card. Wilson promptly broke off diplomatic relations. Then there was a pause, a period of waiting for some “overt act.” Sir Cecil Spring Rice, the British Ambassador in Washington, was praying for “the destruction of an American ship with American passengers.”2
“Make war together, make peace together, generous financial support and an understanding on our part that Mexico is to reconquer the lost territory in Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.”
We have no quarrel with the German people. We have no feeling towards them but one of sympathy and friendship. . . . The world must be made safe for democracy.
Opposition voices were heard in the debate on the war resolution. Senator Robert M. La Follette delivered a four-hour speech attacking the idea that this was or could be a war for democracy, suggesting that true neutrality would have kept the United States out of the war. Senator Edition: current; Page: [[13]] George Norris spoke of “the enormous profits of munitions manufacturers, steel brokers and bond dealers” and cried out: “We are about to put the dollar sign upon the American flag.”
Six senators and fifty representatives voted against the declaration of war. Most of them were from the Middle West, where pro-Ally feeling was less pronounced than it was in the East and the South. By becoming involved in a European war, a fateful departure was made in American policy. Giving up our historic limited goal of protecting this hemisphere against foreign aggression, we were committing ourselves to an ambitious crusade with such alluring but vague objectives as “making the world safe for democracy” and “making the world itself at last free.”
One reason for growing skepticism about the success of this crusade was Wilson’s inability to inspire the majority of his countrymen with enthusiasm for, or even understanding of, his great design for future world peace. One wonders how many Americans carefully studied the Fourteen Points, laid down by the President as America’s peace aims, or the supplementary statements of principle which amplified these points.3
The main principles of Wilsonism were government by consent of the governed, national self-determination, an end of secret treaties, a nonvindictive peace, and an association of nations strong enough to check aggression and keep the peace in the future. The mood that developed in wartime America did not make for intelligent popular support of Wilson’s aims. The nation had not been involved in a major foreign war within the memory of a living man. It went on a prodigious emotional debauch.
All this did not create a hopeful background for a just and reasonable peace. It was significant that when the President, toward the end of the war, made one of his more serious and statesmanlike addresses, the audience perversely applauded all the more trivial clichés and remained indifferent to his more original and fruitful ideas.
“The Allied and Associated Powers are in complete accord with the German delegation in their insistence that the basis for the negotiation of the treaty of peace is to be found in the correspondence which immediately preceded the signing of the armistice on November 11, 1918.”
Wilson did not obtain Allied endorsement of his peace conditions without a severe diplomatic struggle behind the scenes. Colonel House went so far as to intimate that if the Fourteen Points were not accepted the negotiations with Germany would be wiped off the slate and America might then conclude a separate peace with Germany and Austria.4 This firm tone led to satisfactory results in this instance, but it was seldom employed when the practical details of the settlement were being worked out.
The hope of far-sighted liberals in America and in Europe that Wilson’s principles would be the foundation of a just and lasting peace could never have been achieved for several reasons.
“Given the atmosphere of the time, given the passions aroused in all democracies by the four years of war, it would have been impossible even for supermen to devise a peace of moderation and righteousness.”5
Old-fashioned secret diplomacy is open to criticism. But one reason why the Congress of Vienna, meeting after the convulsions of the Napoleonic Wars, succeeded far better than the conference of Versailles was the freedom of the statesmen there from the influence of popular passion. The chief representatives of the European Allies, Lloyd George, Clemenceau, Orlando, knew they faced the danger of being swept away by a storm of popular reproach if they did not hold out for the maximum in territory and indemnities.
So the cards were heavily stacked against a peace treaty that would reflect the Fourteen Points and Wilson’s other principles. If the President, amid the terrific strain of Paris, had time to take a cool historical view of what was going on, he must have felt the rightness of his earlier preference for a peace without victory. It is to his moral credit that he sometimes fought hard for his principles.
Many of Germany’s economic assets—her colonies, her merchant marine, her foreign holdings, her gold reserves—were confiscated. Under the terms of the treaty Germany lost about 10 per cent of its territory and population, one third of its coal, and three quarters of its iron ore. At the same time it was saddled with an enormous and at first undefined reparations bill, far in excess of any sum ever collected after any previous war.
This bill was finally fixed by the Reparations Commission at 32 billion dollars. (French Finance Minister Klotz, who was later appropriately committed to a lunatic asylum, had at first proposed a figure of 200 billion dollars, two hundred times the indemnity exacted from France after the Franco-Prussian War.) Germany could only hope to pay this tribute, which under the later Dawes and Young plans was set at annual payments of about half a billion dollars, by developing a permanent large uncompensated surplus of exports over imports.
There were two insoluble dilemmas in this attempted financial settlement. First, a weak Germany could not produce such a surplus, while a strong Germany would be inclined to balk at payment. Second, the only feasible method of transferring wealth on this scale, the use of German labor and material on reconstruction projects, was ruled out. And, in times of unemployment and failing demand, foreign countries were unable or unwilling to purchase German goods on a scale that would make possible the desired surplus of exports over imports.6
One of the many dragons’ teeth sown by the Treaty of Versailles was Article 231, which read:
This linked up Germany’s obligation to pay reparations with a blanket self-condemnation to which almost no German could have honestly subscribed. In the objective retrospect of postwar years few students of the subject in Allied and neutral countries upheld the proposition that Germany was solely responsible for the outbreak of World War I. There were differences of opinion about the degree of responsibility borne by Germany, Austria, Russia, and other belligerent powers. Fairly representative of the judgment of impartial scholarship is the opinion of Professor Sidney B. Fay, of Harvard University, the conclusion of an exhaustive inquiry into the causes of the conflict:
The Treaty includes no provisions for the economic rehabilitation of Europe—nothing to make the defeated Central Empires into good neighbors, nothing to stabilize the new State of Europe, nothing to reclaim Russia; nor does it promote in any way a compact of economic solidarity amongst the Allies themselves.
The greatest failure of all was in “making the world safe for democracy.” Communism and fascism, not democracy, were the authentic political offspring of World War I.
There remains the argument that America, by taking part in the war, had frustrated a German design for world conquest. But this design looked less and less convincing as high-powered war propaganda receded into the shadows. The contention that the British and French fight was “our fight” did not convince Wilson’s confidential adviser, Edition: current; Page: [[20]] House, even in the first weeks after the end of hostilities. Discussing this question in his diary on January 4, 1919, House observes:
I for one have never admitted this. I have always felt that the United States was amply able to take care of herself, that we were never afraid of the Germans and would not have been afraid of them even if France and England had gone under.9
Fifteen years ago came the Armistice and we all thought it was to be a new world. It is! But a lot worse than it was before.
Ten million men were killed and many more maimed, fifty billion dollars worth of property destroyed, the world saddled with debts.
And for what? Would it have been any worse if Germany had won? Ask yourself honestly. No one knows.
Is this old world as safe for democracy as it was before all those lives were lost?10
The Fourteen Points, set forth in an address to Congress,
1. Open covenants of peace, openly arrived at, after which there shall be no private international understandings of any kind but diplomacy shall proceed always frankly and in the public view.
5. A free, open-minded and absolutely impartial adjustment of all colonial claims, based upon a strict observance of the principle that in determining all such questions of sovereignty the interests of the populations concerned must have equal weight with the equitable claims of the government whose title is to be determined.
That each part of the final settlement must be based upon the essential justice of that particular case and upon such adjustments as are most likely to bring a peace that will be permanent.
That peoples and provinces are not to be bartered about from sovereignty to sovereignty as if they were mere chattels and pawns in a game, Edition: current; Page: [[23]] even the great game, now forever discredited, of the balance of power; but that
Every territorial settlement involved in this war must be made in the interest and for the benefit of the populations concerned, and not as a part of any mere adjustment or compromise of claims among rival states; and
That all well-defined national aspirations shall be accorded the utmost satisfaction that can be accorded them without introducing new or perpetuating old elements of discord and antagonism that would be likely in time to break the peace of Europe and consequently of the world.
There can be no leagues or alliances or special covenants and understandings within the general and common family of the League of Nations;
When World War I was at its height, it must have seemed probable that the victor would be either the Kaiser or the leaders of the western powers. But the true political winners from that terrific holocaust were three men who were little known, even in their own countries, when hostilities began.
Wilson proclaimed democracy as the objective of the war. And his conception of democracy was derived from Anglo-Saxon liberalism. Its bases were freedom of speech and press, freedom of election and organization, and “the right of those who submit to authority to have a voice in their own governments.”
Tsarist Russia was not an appropriate partner in a crusade for democracy. But Tsarism fell just before America entered the war. There was a Japanese Emperor, whose subjects revered him as a god, in the Allied camp. But no one said much about him.
The war dealt a mortal blow to the three great empires which had dominated Europe east of the Rhine. The Tsar and his family were Edition: current; Page: [[25]] slaughtered in a cellar in the Ural town of Ekaterinburg. The Austrian Empire disintegrated as its many peoples flew apart. The Kaiser took refuge in the Netherlands. All the new states on the European map (Poland, Czechoslovakia, Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia) were republics.
But, although hereditary monarchy certainly lost as a result of the war, liberal democracy just as certainly did not win. On the contrary, the war begat a new type of plebeian dictatorship, which may most conveniently be called totalitarianism.
The connection between war and revolution was most direct and obvious in Russia. The downfall of the Tsar was at first greeted in the Allied capitals. It was hopefully regarded as a revolt against the pro-German influences at the Court, as an assurance that the war would be prosecuted with more vigor. But events soon disproved these hopes.
The weak Provisional Government, a combination of liberals and moderate socialists, which at first replaced the old regime, could neither direct nor restrain the vast disruptive forces which had been let loose. Respect for order and authority disappeared. Russian conditions became more and more anarchical.
The soviets were elected bodies of workers, soldiers, and, to a smaller extent, peasants, which sprang up in spontaneous, haphazard fashion all over the country after the Revolution. Delegates were elected in factories and military units and at first could be freely recalled.
Events followed a different course in Italy. Yet the political result was similar in many respects. There had been a good deal of ferment and unrest in Italy after the war, with strikes, riots, stoppages of essential services. The Italian Communists and some of the Socialists dreamed of setting up a revolutionary dictatorship on the Soviet model.
By 1924, however, physical conditions had improved, and it seemed that a period of political stability had set in. Germany was admitted to the League of Nations. The Pact of Locarno, under which Great Britain and Italy guaranteed the existing Franco-German frontier, seemed to offer a prospect of eliminating the historic Franco-German feud.
But the hurricane of the world economic crisis, following the lost war and the inflation, which had ruined the German middle class, paved the way for the third great European political upheaval. This was the rise to power of Adolf Hitler and his National Socialist, or Nazi, party.
Of the three revolutionary “success stories” Hitler’s was the most remarkable. Both Lenin and Mussolini were men of political training Edition: current; Page: [[28]] and experience. But Hitler had absolutely none. There seemed to be nothing to mark him out among the millions of soldiers who had worn the field-gray uniform and fought through the war.
Of course these two groups, the political extremists and the speculators, had nothing whatever to do with each other. But Hitler exploited both in building up for his audiences a picture of the Jew as simultaneously a conscienceless exploiter and profiteer and a force for the subversion of national institutions.
Like the other modern revolutionaries, Lenin and Mussolini, Hitler profited from the weakness and division of his opponents. The German republic was born in a time of misery, defeat, and humiliation. It never captured the imagination or the enthusiastic loyalty of the German people.
The German labor movement might have been a bulwark against the Nazi onslaught, but it was split between the Social Democrats and the Communists. The latter, on orders from Moscow, concentrated their fire on the Social Democrats, not on the Nazis. They were acting on the highly mistaken calculation that Hitler’s victory would be followed by a reaction in favor of communism.
This election, however, could not be considered free. Terror was already at work. The Communists had been made scapegoats for the burning of the Reichstag building. Nazi Brown Shirts were beating and intimidating political opponents. Once Hitler had clamped down his dictatorship, there is no means of determining how many Germans professed to support him out of enthusiasm, how many because it was distinctly safer not to be marked down as disaffected.
Many Germans hoped to the end that there would be no war. Foreigners who were in Germany at critical periods before the outbreak of war and even at the time of Germany’s greatest military success, in 1940, were often impressed by the apathy, the absence of any signs of popular enthusiasm.
Communists and Fascists may be inclined to dispute the essential kinship of these two systems. But it would be difficult to deny that the following ten characteristics are very important, politically, economically, and morally. They may be listed as follows.
(2) The single ruling party. Under communism, fascism, and nazism only the single ruling party has been permitted to exist legally. Parliaments in the Soviet Union, Germany, and Italy became mere rubber stamps for the registration of the party decisions. Voting under totalitarian regimes is virtually unanimous and altogether meaningless. No voice of independent criticism is ever heard.
The citizen under totalitarianism enjoys not the slightest defense against the arbitrary violence of the state. He can be seized, held in prison indefinitely, sent to a concentration camp, tortured, killed—all without the publicity which would inspire in some resisters the spirit of martyrdom. More than that, his family is exposed to reprisals if he falls into disfavor.
A Soviet law, published in the spring of 1934, authorizes the banishment “to remote parts of Siberia” of the relatives of a Soviet citizen who leaves the country without permission. Totalitarian secret police organizations habitually employ threats against relatives as a means of extorting confessions.
(4) Exaltation of militarism. “Every Soviet family, school, or political Edition: current; Page: [[32]] organization is in duty bound to instill in the Soviet youth from the earliest age those qualities necessary to the Red soldier: military spirit, a love of war, endurance, self-reliance and boundless loyalty” (italics supplied). This statement appeared in Komsomolskaya Pravda, official organ of the Soviet Union of Communist Youth, on May 21, 1941. One of the reasons for abolishing coeducation in Soviet elementary schools was to give boys an earlier start on military training.
The names of Hitler and Mussolini will always be associated with glorification of war. Hitler wrote in Mein Kampf: “What the German people owes to the army may be summed up in one word, namely, everything.” Drills, marches, and parades became second nature to the German and Italian youth.
(5) Full government control of labor power and of the national economy. In this field the original methods of the totalitarian regimes varied. But the end result was strikingly similar. Communism started out as a violent social revolution, expropriating all kinds of private property from which profit was derived and confiscating almost all private wealth.
After three decades it has evolved into a system under which a Communist managerial class, much better paid than the average Soviet citizen and with many perquisites of office, runs the state-owned factories, mines, railways, banks, and other enterprises, including the collective farms.
Labor was organized, regimented, and propagandized in very similar fashion under all three regimes. All went in heavily for much publicized social benefits to workers, insurance schemes, vacations with pay, free sports and entertainments. All took away from the workers the right to form independent unions and to strike.
Slave labor in Russia began on a large scale when about a million families of kulaks, or richer peasants, were dispossessed in the drive for collective farming in 1929 and 1930. A large number of these kulaks, men, women, and children indiscriminately, were thrown into freight cars and shipped off to timber camps and new construction enterprises.
Other groups swelled the numbers of this huge forced-labor system. Among these were dissatisfied nationalists in the Ukraine and other non-Russian regions, Communists who had been purged, persons suspected of foreign contacts and of too-active religious sympathies. Later, slave laborers were recruited from other sources.
So a vast network of slave-labor reservations, which no independent foreign investigator has ever been allowed to visit, mostly located in Edition: current; Page: [[34]] northern Russia and Siberia, developed under the direction of the political police. Serious students of the subject estimate that there may be eight or ten million human beings in the Soviet labor camps.1
The conditions of the food, housing, and sanitation, and the excessive overwork are appallingly inhuman, according to the testimony of a number of individuals, Russians and foreigners, who have escaped or who have been released. Mortality is very high. The methods of punishment make Negro slavery in the United States before the Civil War seem almost humane.
(7) Hostility to religion. Dictatorships which set themselves above all restraints, which arrogate to themselves the privilege of trampling on all human rights, are inevitably hostile to any form of belief in a transcendent moral law with divine sanctions. The modern dictator’s first demand on his subjects is unconditional obedience. The totalitarian state recognizes no distinction between what is due to God and what is due to Caesar. It claims all as Caesar’s portion.
Many churchmen, both Catholics and Protestants, were thrown into Nazi concentration camps. Had Hitler won the war, the churches would probably have faced a still more difficult future, as is evident from the Diaries of Goebbels. A somewhat easier modus vivendi was worked out between church and state in Italy. But in Italy also there were repeated conflicts between the Fascist state and the Catholic Church over the question of education, and active members of Catholic social groups were often singled out for persecution.
Soviet communism preached and still preaches a doctrine of international revolution, to be accompanied by an abolition of racial and national distinctions. But communist theory and Russian practice have become more and more divergent. Stalin, perhaps impressed by the successes of his rival dictators with their nationalist propaganda, has been cultivating a form of Russian “master race” delusion. This takes the form of announcing that some unknown or little-known Russian has anticipated almost every important discovery in natural science, exploration, and military development. Foreign literature, music, art, and science are systematically belittled merely because they are foreign and non-Communist in inspiration.
It is inconceivable that the Soviet Republic should continue to exist for a long period side by side with imperialist states. Ultimately one or the other must conquer. Meanwhile a number of terrible clashes between the Soviet Republic and the bourgeois states are inevitable.
And Mussolini boasted that, “if every century has its peculiar doctrine, there are a thousand indications that fascism is that of the twentieth century.”
First of these was the “liquidation of the kulaks as a class,” officially decreed in March 1930. Under this procedure hundreds of thousands of peasant families whose only crime was that they were a little more Edition: current; Page: [[37]] prosperous than their neighbors were stripped of all their possessions and impressed into slave labor. There were no gas-chamber executions of kulaks, but many perished as a result of overwork, underfeeding, and maltreatment.
Third was the establishment of a vast system of slave labor as a normal feature of the Soviet economy. This system is far more cruel than was serfdom in Russia before its abolition in 1861 or slavery in the United States before Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation, just because it is completely dehumanized.
A good deal of nonsense has been written about the Soviet regime as a riddle, a mystery, an enigma, and what not. But there is no secret about the underlying philosophy of communism. The Communist International was surely the most open conspiracy to promote violent revolution ever organized.
It is true that Soviet propaganda and Soviet censorship created some confusion about the character and methods of Soviet rule—but only in the minds of people who really in their hearts wished to be fooled. The volume of evidence that Soviet communism shared with nazism the ten common traits which have been listed was overwhelming and was Edition: current; Page: [[38]] certainly available to any statesman who cared to give serious study to the problem.
Soviet behavior after the war is sometimes referred to in Western countries in accents of hurt disillusionment. But this behavior was completely in line with basic Communist philosophy. It could have been, doubtless was, predicted down to the smallest detail by anyone with a reasonable background of Soviet experience and study.
And the great coalition which had brought about the German downfall in the war had disintegrated. America was becoming more and more disillusioned with the fruits of its first crusade. Russia’s ties of alliance Edition: current; Page: [[40]] with France and Great Britain had been severed by the Bolshevik Revolution. Italy had gone its own way under fascism.
For more than a decade after the end of the war Europe’s fate was in the balance. An act of generous, imaginative leadership, on the part of Britain and France, looking to some form of European union, might have strengthened moderate forces in Germany and saved the situation; but no such act was forthcoming. Narrow nationalism dominated the scene.
Between Germany and Russia, stretching from the Arctic to the Mediterranean, was a belt of thirteen small and medium-sized sovereign states (Finland, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Poland, Czechoslovakia, Austria, Hungary, Yugoslavia, Rumania, Bulgaria, Greece, and Albania). The very existence of many of these states was only possible because such powerful nations as Germany and Russia were knocked out at the same time, Germany by military defeat, Russia by revolution.
The continued independence of the states in this area and their economic advantage called for some form of regional federalism. But old national antipathies and petty local interests were so strong that almost nothing was achieved in this direction.
The hopes of liberals, especially in Great Britain and in the smaller countries which the witty Spaniard, Salvador de Madariaga, described as “consumers of security,” were focused on the League of Nations. But this body failed to develop the independent authority which would have been required in order to maintain peace. Its membership was never universal. The United States and Russia, among the great powers, were absent from the beginning.
When World War II broke out, the League took no action at all. The European members which hoped to remain neutral did not wish to provoke the wrath of Germany by pronouncing judgment. The last flicker of the League’s moral influence was the expulsion of the Soviet Union.
The experience of the League disproved several optimistic assumptions of its advocates. Contradictions of interest and policy, such as always arise among sovereign states, could not be banished by grouping a number of nations in a so-called league. Nor were governments inclined to go on a hue-and-cry against an offender, to assume a risk of war on account of acts of aggression in remote parts of the world, not very different from many which had been committed in the past.
If the League was too weak to maintain existing frontiers against violence, its usefulness was further impaired because it was never used as a forum for discussion of means of peaceful change. Article 19 of the League Covenant suggested this possibility:
“The Assembly may from time to time advise the reconsideration by members of the League of treaties which have become inapplicable Edition: current; Page: [[42]] and the consideration of international considerations whose continuance might endanger the peace of the world.”
But Article 19 was never invoked. The League never became an instrument for promoting those policies of freer trade and migration which would have eased the tensions making for dictatorship and war.
With the League impotent, the maintenance of European peace became a matter of old-fashioned national diplomacy. Between 1933 and 1939 there was an amazing shift in the European balance of power. When Adolf Hitler became Chancellor in March 1933, German military power was inferior to British and French.
How had this upset in the European balance of power come about? It was a remarkable example of how ruthless and unscrupulous audacity on one side could prevail against half-hearted, irresolute fumbling on the other.
From the standpoint of power politics, Hitler made only one conspicuous blunder during this period, and this was quickly retrieved. A group of Austrian Nazis attempted a coup d’état in Vienna on July 25, 1934. They seized government offices and assassinated the Prime Minister, Edition: current; Page: [[43]] Engelbert Dollfuss. But the conspirators were not strong enough to get full control of the government. Mussolini mobilized forces on the Brenner Pass. The Italian dictator was not yet ready to accept a common frontier with Germany.
One of the first successes of Nazi diplomacy was the signing of a ten-year pact with Poland. Each government renounced the use of force against the other and affirmed the intention “to settle directly all questions of whatever nature which concern their mutual relations.”1
Moreover, there had been close secret relations between the Reichswehr and the Red Army. German technical advisers had assisted the development of the Soviet aviation industry. In return German officers were permitted to experiment in Russia with weapons forbidden under the Versailles Treaty. All this was well known to the Poles, who were always afraid of a new partition of their country between its powerful neighbors.
Finally, Ribbentrop, in talking with Lipski on March 21, 1939, argued that Germany, by defeating Russia in the last war, had contributed to the emergence of the Polish state. Ribbentrop also, according to Lipski, “emphasized that obviously an understanding between us would have to include explicit anti-Soviet tendencies.”
Hitler won a legal minor victory in the Saar plebiscite of January 13, 1935. This small but highly industrialized region, rich in coal, had been detached from Germany and placed under League of Nations administration by the terms of the Versailles Treaty. There was to be a plebiscite after fifteen years, with three choices: return to Germany, annexation by France, or continuation of League rule. About 90 per cent of the Saarlanders who participated voted for return to Germany. The Third Reich gained territory and prestige.
Hitler launched a frontal attack on the Versailles system when he announced the creation of a German air force on March 9, 1935, and the restoration of compulsory military service a week later. Here was an issue on which the western powers could have made a stand without much risk. German rearmament had not advanced far enough to support a war. But nothing of consequence happened. Representatives of Britain, France, and Italy met at Stresa, in northern Italy, and came to an agreement to oppose “unilateral repudiation of treaties which may endanger the peace of Europe.”
Unfortunately the British people were in a schizophrenic mood. They wanted to vindicate international law and morality. But they were averse to the risk of war. As Winston Churchill put it later, with caustic clarity:
“The Prime Minister had declared that sanctions meant war; secondly, he was resolved there must be no war; and, thirdly, he decided upon sanctions.”4
There was a similar absence of clearheaded logic in solving the far more important problem of how to deal with Hitler. Up to March 1936, German remilitarization could have been stopped without serious bloodshed. There was still sufficient military preponderance on the side of the western powers. What was lacking was the will to use that power.
It was a psychological tragedy that Hitler took by force and unilateral action many things which reasonable German statesmen like Stresemann and Brüning had been unable to obtain by peaceful negotiation. French and British policy was hard and inflexible when it should have been generous and conciliatory, when there was still an opportunity to draw Germany as an equal partner into the community of European nations. This policy became weak, fumbling, and irresolute when in the first years of Hitler’s regime, firmness would have been the right note.
But if we talk about new soil and territory in Europe today, we can think primarily only of Russia and its vassal border states.5
Much less was there any likelihood of a successful invasion of the American continent. Even after the Nazi archives were ransacked, no concrete evidence of any plan to invade the Western Hemisphere was discovered, although loose assertions of such plans were repeated so often before and during the war that some Americans were probably led to believe in the reality of this nonexistent design.
Hitler showed little interest in building a powerful surface navy. A former American officer who had opportunities to observe German military preparations in the years before the war informed me that the character of training clearly indicated an intention to fight in the open plains of the East, not against fortifications in the West. Emphasis was on the development of light tanks and artillery; there was little practice in storming fortified areas.
“Do not underrate England. She is very clever. If you plunge us all into another Great War, she will bring the whole world against you like [sic] last time.”7
So there was an alternative to the policy which the British and French governments followed after March 1939. This alternative would have been to write off eastern Europe as geographically indefensible, to let Hitler move eastward, with the strong probability that he would come into conflict with Stalin. Especially in the light of the Soviet aggressive expansion that has followed the war, this surely seems the sanest and most promising course western diplomacy could have followed.
Critics of this realistic policy of letting the totalitarian rulers fight it out to their hearts’ content object that Hitler might have won a quick victory in the East and then turned against the West. But both these assumptions are very hypothetical. The Nazi war machine might just as probably have bogged down indefinitely in Russia, and there is no convincing evidence that the conquest of western Europe, much less of overseas territory, was an essential part of Hitler’s design.
It is certainly hard to see how, either on a short-range or a long-range view, a decision to give Hitler a free hand in the East would have worked out more disastrously for the western powers than the policy which was actually followed. From every standpoint, military, political, Edition: current; Page: [[51]] and psychological, it would have been far more advantageous if Hitler’s first blows had fallen on Stalin’s totalitarian empire, not on Britain, France, and the small democracies of the West.
This absorption meant the encirclement of long, narrow Czechoslovakia by German territory on three sides. A serious international crisis soon developed over the fate of some three million people of German origin who lived in the so-called Sudetenland area of northern and western Czechoslovakia.
Hitler for the moment accepted the rebuff, but only to spring more effectively later. He decided to make October 1, 1938, the deadline for Edition: current; Page: [[53]] Operation Green, which called for military action against Czechoslovakia.8
It might be worth while for the Czechoslovak Government to consider whether they should exclude altogether the project, which has found favour in some quarters, of making Czechoslovakia a more homogeneous state by the secession of that fringe of alien populations who are contiguous to the nation with which they are united by race.
Upon his arrival in London, Chamberlain told the cheering crowd which welcomed him: “I believe it is peace in our time.” And so it might have been, if the British Government had been willing to disinterest itself in eastern Europe, leaving that area as a battleground to Hitler and Stalin.
France therefore remains paralyzed and resignedly confined to adopting a defeatist attitude towards everything that is happening in central and eastern Europe. . . . France does not consider anything of positive value except an alliance with England, while an alliance with ourselves and the USSR is considered more of a burden. . . .10
It is understandable that Hitler, in view of the atmosphere in France and Chamberlain’s acceptance of his demands at Munich, hoped that he would encounter little resistance in the West to further expansion in the East. But his next move produced the challenge from London which, after further diplomatic sparring and a final German resort to arms, led to the Second World War.
Chamberlain’s first reaction to this development was moderate. He spoke in Parliament of “disintegration” of Czechoslovakia from within and declared that no British guarantee of the country’s frontiers could apply in such a situation. He took a much more militant line, however, in a speech at Birmingham on March 17. Accusing Hitler of having taken the law into his own hands, Chamberlain declared that “any Edition: current; Page: [[57]] attempt to dominate the world by force was one the democracies must resist” and that “Britain would take part to the uttermost of its power in resisting such a challenge if it were made.”
Chamberlain’s shift of attitude was apparently attributable to a combination of causes. His Foreign Secretary, Lord Halifax, was prodding him to take a stronger line. There was a rising tide of protest against “appeasement” in Parliament and in the country.
The Birmingham speech heralded a striking shift in British foreign policy. Hitherto the British Government had been extremely cautious about making firm commitments to defend any part of Europe east of the Rhine. Now it began to toss guarantees about with reckless abandon, and with little regard for its ability to implement these guarantees if they were put to the test.
So Britain and France drew a line along the irregular frontier of Poland and challenged Hitler to step over it. The weakness of this challenge was that the western powers were no more able to help Poland directly than they would have been able to help Czechoslovakia six months earlier. The veteran statesman David Lloyd George put his finger on the fragility of the guarantee when he said in Parliament after the Government’s announcement:
Lloyd George added: “I cannot understand why, before committing ourselves to this tremendous enterprise, we did not secure the adhesion of Russia.”
“Here was decision at last, taken at the worst possible moment and on the least satisfactory ground, which must surely lead to the slaughter of tens of millions of people.”12
It is the decided opinion of the President that France and Britain must put an end to any sort of compromise with the totalitarian Edition: current; Page: [[60]] countries. They must not let themselves in for any discussions aiming at any kind of territorial changes.
They have the moral assurance that the United States will leave the policy of isolation and be prepared to intervene actively on the side of Britain and France in case of war. America is ready to place its whole wealth of money and raw materials at their disposal.14
Litvinov as Soviet spokesman in the League of Nations had identified himself for years with a crusading attitude against fascism and aggression.18 He had argued that peace is indivisible.
How far the Soviet Government would have backed up Litvinov’s eloquence is open to question. It was good Leninist strategy to take advantage of divisions in the camp of the “imperialist” and “capitalist” powers. If war had broken out on some such issue as Ethiopia, Spain, or Czechoslovakia, there is a strong probability that the Soviet Union would have behaved exactly as it acted when war broke out over Poland in 1939. It might have been expected to bow itself out of the conflict and look on with satisfaction while its enemies destroyed each other.
However, Litvinov was at least a symbol of antifascism. He was also a Jew. On both counts he was distasteful to the Nazis. His dismissal was an indication that an important shift in Soviet foreign policy was in the making.
As early as March 1939, Stalin had publicly intimated his willingness to come to an understanding with Germany. Addressing the Congress of the Communist party, he said:
The fuss raised by the British, French and North American press about the Soviet Ukraine is characteristic. . . . It looks as if the object of this suspicious fuss was to raise the ire of the Soviet Union against Germany, to poison the atmosphere and provoke a conflict without any visible grounds for it.19
Finally, there is the truly Machiavellian cunning of Stalin, carrying on two sets of negotiations at the same time, an open set with Great Britain and France, a secret set with Germany. Stalin gave the western powers just enough encouragement to put pressure on Hitler to complete the coveted deal which would give the Soviet Union a share in the spoils of Eastern Europe and leave it outside the impending war.
In retrospect there is nothing “enigmatic” or “mysterious” in Stalin’s policy in 1939. It was plainly designed to achieve, and did achieve, a thoroughly logical goal from the Communist standpoint: war for the Edition: current; Page: [[64]] capitalist world; peace, with opportunities to expand territorially and build up militarily, for the Soviet Union.
Neville Chamberlain was as eager to preserve capitalism as Stalin was to destroy it, but he had got into a vulnerable position by his hasty and ill-considered guarantee to Poland, which was followed in April by similar unilateral guarantees to Greece and Rumania. He was constantly being prodded by critics like Churchill and Lloyd George, who pointed out the importance of Soviet military co-operation apparently without appreciating the impossible moral and political price which would have to be paid for this co-operation.
This is a question of principle for us. We neither have nor wish to have a military agreement with the Soviet Union. We concede to no one, under any form, the right to discuss the use of any part of our territory by foreign troops.25
The Reich Government is of the opinion that there is no question between the Baltic and the Black Seas which cannot be settled to the complete satisfaction of both countries. Among these are such questions as: the Baltic Sea, the Baltic area, Poland, Southeastern questions, etc.
“I know how much the German nation loves its Führer; I should therefore like to drink his health.”
Molotov raised his glass to Stalin, declaring that it had been Stalin Edition: current; Page: [[67]] who “through his speech in March of this year, which had been well understood in Germany, had brought about the reversal in political relations.”27
Apart from Stalin’s speech and Merekalov’s overture on April 17, there was another important milestone on the road to the Soviet-Nazi pact. The Bulgarian Minister in Berlin, Dragonov, called at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on June 15 and repeated the contents of some remarks which the Soviet chargé d’affaires, Astakhov, had made to him on the preceding day.
The announcement of the Soviet-Nazi agreement sounded like a crack of doom in London and Paris. To thoughtful observers it was clear that Poland’s chances of survival, dim even when the threat was only from Germany, had almost vanished when its two mighty neighbors were leagued in what was soon to prove a pact of mutual aggression against that unfortunate country.
The British Government, however, had gone too far to back down. The Anglo-Polish Treaty was rushed to final ratification on August 25.
Hitler, in communications to Chamberlain of August 23 and August 25, repeated his willingness to support the British Empire and repudiated any idea of westward expansion. But he insisted that the problems of Danzig and the Corridor must be solved.
The German offensive against Poland was launched in the early morning of September 1. British and French declarations of war against Germany became effective on September 3. Two sentences in Neville Chamberlain’s announcement of the state of war to the House of Commons are worth recalling:
Attacks on the conduct of Germany had ceased and anti-German literature had been removed from the bookstores. However, as the Ambassador noted in a moment of candor: “The statements of official agitators to the effect that Germany is no longer an aggressor run up against considerable doubt.”1
Molotov on September 9 telephoned his congratulations and greetings to the German Government on the occasion of the entry of the German troops into Warsaw. (The Polish capital actually held out for some time longer.)
The Kremlin quickly pressed on the governments of Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia treaties providing for the establishment of Soviet naval and air bases in these countries. There was no interference with internal administration at this time.
Molotov delivered a long report on foreign affairs to the Supreme Soviet, or Soviet Parliament, on October 31. It deserves attention for two reasons. It shows how far the Soviet Government, which subsequently liked to assume the pose of being uncompromisingly “anti-fascist,” was willing to go in collaboration with Nazi Germany. And it is a striking illustration of how swiftly a totalitarian government can reverse the course of its foreign policy.
“One swift blow to Poland,” he said, “first by the German Army, and then by the Red Army, and nothing was left of this ugly offspring of the Versailles Treaty.”
“We know, for example,” he told the docile delegates of the Supreme Soviet,
that in the past few months such concepts as “aggression” and “aggressor” have acquired a new concrete connotation, a new meaning. . . .
Everyone would understand that an ideology cannot be destroyed by force, that it cannot be eliminated by war. It is, therefore, not only senseless but criminal to wage such a war for “the destruction of Hitlerism,” camouflaged as a fight for “democracy.”
The war now, according to Molotov, was an imperialist war, waged against Germany by Britain and France for fear of losing world supremacy. (Hitler, seconded by Molotov, had made a peace offer on October 6. It was rejected, no doubt to the profound relief of the men in the Kremlin. An accommodation with the western powers, which would have enabled Hitler to turn his full force eastward, would have been most unwelcome news to Stalin and Molotov.)
We stand for the scrupulous and punctilious observance of pacts on a basis of complete reciprocity, and we declare that all nonsense about sovietizing the Baltic countries is only to the interest of our common enemies and of all anti-Soviet provocateurs.
Only Finland, superb, nay sublime, in the jaws of peril—Finland shows what free men can do. The service rendered by Finland to mankind is magnificent. . . . If the light of freedom which still burns so brightly in the frozen North should be finally quenched, it might well herald a return to the Dark Ages, when every vestige of human progress during 2,000 years would be engulfed.3
The only French contribution to the military relief of Poland was some petty skirmishing in the Saar. During the winter all was quiet on the western front. But debacle, swift and terrifying, came in the spring and early summer.
The decisive campaign in the West started on May 10, when German armies poured into the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxemburg. Within six weeks Hitler’s forces had achieved what the Kaiser’s legions could not accomplish in four years. France, broken and prostrate, signed an armistice that amounted to a capitulation on June 23.
The disaster at Dunkirk would probably have been even greater if the German armored units, on direct orders from Hitler, had not been restrained from pressing home the attack on the town during the days of the evacuation. Churchill believes that Field Marshal von Rundstedt was responsible for this oversight. Von Rundstedt insists that his hands were tied by Hitler’s instructions.
It may be that Hitler and his generals overestimated the power of resistance remaining in the French armies which were still covering the line of the rivers Somme and Aisne. They may have wished to avoid heavy losses of armor in anticipation of hard battles to come.
Hitler’s desire to preserve the British Empire was expressed on another occasion, and under circumstances which preclude the possibility that he was talking for propaganda effect. When the military fortunes of the western powers were at their lowest ebb, when France had appealed for an armistice, von Ribbentrop gave the following outline of Hitler’s attitude toward England in a strictly private talk with the Italian Foreign Minister, Count Ciano:
However, Hitler, the twentieth-century Napoleon, found in Churchill a more implacable adversary than Pitt. There had been increasing dissatisfaction with the conduct of the war by the Chamberlain Cabinet. Churchill, who had been First Lord of the Admiralty, assumed the Edition: current; Page: [[77]] office of Prime Minister on May 10, the day when the German offensive was unleashed.
Churchill’s first concern was to keep France in the war. Even after the French armies had been hopelessly crushed, he hoped that a French government, taking refuge in one of the overseas possessions, would continue the struggle as an ally of Great Britain. But the collapse of French resistance advanced so fast that all Churchill’s efforts were in vain, despite the active co-operation which he received from Roosevelt, a neutral only in name.
I am also greatly heartened by what Prime Minister Churchill said a few days ago about the continued resistance of the British Empire, and that determination would seem to apply equally to the great French Empire all over the world. Naval power in world affairs still carries the lessons of history, as Admiral Darlan well knows.
Churchill saw in this message two points which were equivalent to belligerence: a promise of material aid, which implied active assistance, and a call to go on fighting, even if the Government were driven from France. The British Prime Minister rushed off a message to Reynaud suggesting that, if France would remain in the field and in the war, “we feel that the United States is committed beyond recall to take the only remaining step, namely becoming a belligerent in form as she already has constituted herself in fact.”9
But the next day brought disillusionment. Roosevelt, apparently feeling that he had gone too far, refused to permit the publication of his communication to Reynaud and emphasized that this message was not intended to commit and did not commit the United States to military participation.
Churchill then tried to stimulate Roosevelt’s willingness to take bellicose Edition: current; Page: [[80]] steps by painting a dark picture of what might happen if control of Britain should pass out of the hands of the present government. In that case, he warned, Britain might obtain easy terms by consenting to become a vassal state in Hitler’s empire, and the United States might be confronted with a vast naval bloc, composed of the German, British, French, Italian, and Japanese fleets.
After the first stunning shock of defeat, the swiftest and most complete in the long series of Franco-German wars, Frenchmen were divided among three camps. The then little-known General Charles de Gaulle, denouncing the armistice from London, had only a few followers. At the other extreme were men like Pierre Laval, who argued that the best French hope of survival lay in adopting a pro-German and anti-British orientation, and trying to win Hitler’s favor.
Churchill was assiduous in seeking new allies to replace those who had failed. He was incessant in his appeals for more aid from the United States. He also turned to a less sympathetic and responsive source. He addressed a letter to Stalin on June 25, describing the two objects of British policy as saving Britain and freeing the rest of Europe from German domination. Churchill expressed readiness to discuss fully with the Soviet Government any of the vast problems created by Germany’s Edition: current; Page: [[82]] present attempt to pursue in Europe a methodical process of conquest and absorption by successive stages.
Elections on the familiar totalitarian pattern were held in July and led to the selection of parliaments which were entirely subservient to the Soviet will. Pre-election propaganda did not call for absorption into the Soviet Union, but only for maintaining friendly relations with that country. There was, therefore, no plebiscite, not even a plebiscite under foreign occupation, on this issue.
Soon after the tame parliaments assembled, they voted in favor of association with the Soviet Union. This request was quickly granted. Molotov gave a realistic account of the method by which annexation was accomplished when he reported to the Supreme Soviet:
During these past few days the devious processes whereunder the political independence and territorial integrity of the three small Baltic Republics—Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania—were to be deliberately annihilated by one of their powerful neighbors have been rapidly drawing to their conclusion.
From the day when the peoples of these republics first gained their independence and democratic form of government the people of the United States have watched their admirable progress in self-government with deep and sympathetic interest.
August and September were critical months for Britain. Hitler declared in a victory speech on July 19 that it had never been his intention to destroy or even to harm the British Empire and made a general peace offer in the following words:
I can see no reason why this war must go on.13
The Germans were thus strictly justified in describing this as a reprisal, especially as they had, prior to our sixth attack on Berlin, announced that they would take such action if we did not stop our night bombing of Berlin.15
When it became clear that the British Government would not consider his peace proposal, Hitler gave orders for the preparation of a plan of invasion, known as Operation Sea Lion. The original D-Day was September 15. The German Navy proposed to establish a narrow corridor across the Channel, wall it in with minefields and submarines, and ferry the armored forces across in successive waves. The Army leaders protested that they needed a wider range of coastline to attack than the Navy felt able to guarantee.
Hitler’s inability to surmount the narrow barrier represented by the British Channel is a sufficient commentary on the charlatan quality of alarmists who before and during the war represented a German invasion of North America as a serious possibility.
The dissolution of the Nazi-Soviet quasi alliance lies outside the limits of the debacle in the West. But it will be briefly described here, because it exercised a profound effect upon the military and political course of the war, in which America would soon be involved.
The situation which prevailed in Europe after the fall of France, with Hitler and Stalin as the masters of the Continent, recalls the period between 1807 and 1812. At that time Napoleon and Tsar Alexander I shared a similar domination in an equally uneasy and precarious alliance.
“What is Europe; where is it, if it is not you and we?”
“Germany, Italy and Japan agree . . . to assist one another with all political, economic and military means when one of the three contracting powers is attacked by a power at present not involved in the European war or in the Chinese-Japanese conflict.”
The Soviet Foreign Minister arrived in Berlin prepared for hard bargaining. When Hitler and Ribbentrop tried to allure him with visions of expansion in Asia, Molotov demanded a free hand in Finland and the right to give a guarantee to Bulgaria which would bring that country into the Soviet sphere of influence. He also wanted to obtain an assurance against an attack in the Black Sea through the Straits, “not only on paper, but in reality,” and believed the Soviet Union could reach an agreement with Turkey on this point.
So the general atmosphere of the November meeting in Berlin was chilly and negative. Molotov received for consideration the draft of a four-power treaty to be signed with Germany, Italy, and Japan. Soviet territorial aspirations were rather vaguely defined in this document as centering “south of the national territory of the Soviet Union, in the direction of the Indian Ocean.”18
To this proposal the German Government returned only evasive and noncommittal replies. The real answer was given on December 18, Edition: current; Page: [[90]] 1940, when Hitler issued a “top secret” directive for the preparation of Operation Barbarossa.20 The nature of this directive was summarized in the first sentence:
“The German Armed Forces must be prepared to crush Soviet Russia in a quick campaign (Operation Barbarossa) even before the conclusion of the war against England.”
Rumania and Finland, countries which had been despoiled of territory by the Soviet Union, were counted on as allies. The ultimate objective was to establish a defensive line against Asiatic Russia running approximately from the Volga River to Archangel. Then, in case of necessity, the last industrial area left to Russia in the Urals could be eliminated by the Luftwaffe. It was considered of decisive importance that the intention to attack should not be discovered.
When Bulgaria adhered to the Tripartite Pact early in March 1941, and German troops moved into that country, Molotov expressed regret to Schulenburg that “the German Government has deemed it possible to take a course that involves injury to the security interests of the Soviet Union.”22 The Soviet Ministry of Foreign Affairs published a statement disapproving the Bulgarian action.
“The recent movement of German troops, released from the Balkan campaign toward regions to the east and northeast of Germany was Edition: current; Page: [[93]] from other motives and does not concern the relations between the Soviet Union and the Reich.”
As for Russia’s “summer mobilization,” this, according to Tass, was nothing out of the ordinary. To suggest that it is aimed at Germany “is, of course, absurd.”
The wording of this statement is an excellent example of Asiatic style in diplomacy—cunning, oblique, and full of double meaning. The communiqué was designed to intimate to Berlin that the Soviet Government knew of the large German troop transfers toward its borders and was taking mobilization measures of its own. But at the same time there was an expression of willingness to set down everything as a misunderstanding, due to British intrigue, if only Germany would not attack. It was a clear invitation for some kind of reassuring declaration from Berlin. But no such declaration came. Instead, at dawn on June 22, Ambassador Schulenburg delivered a three-line message to Molotov:
“In view of the intolerable pressure exercised by Russian troops on the lines of demarcation separating them from the German troops, the latter have received orders to advance into Soviet territory.”
The war of the totalitarian giants had begun.
Molotov’s hard bargaining seems to have been one cause of the Edition: current; Page: [[94]] German attack. Hitler also emphasized the point that such powerful German forces were tied up in the East “that radical conclusion of the war in the West, particularly as regards aircraft, could no longer be vouched for by the German High Command.” Other phrases in the proclamation suggest that Hitler hoped to rally a united Europe in an anti-Communist crusade.
The German invasion of the Soviet Union was the last but one of the big political developments in choosing sides for World War II. A few months later there would be Pearl Harbor and the formal belligerence of the United States against Japan, Germany, and Italy.
The origins of this war and its character must be understood if America’s involvement is to be fairly judged. Several points which were overlooked at the time stand out with increasing clarity, now that more evidence is available.
First, there is no factual evidence, after close examination of all captured Nazi archives, that Hitler had prepared any plan for offensive action against the Western Hemisphere.
Fifth, it should not have required great perspicacity to recognize that the Soviet Union, in view of its record of aggression and bad faith, its philosophy of world revolution, and its vast assets in territory, manpower, and natural resources, would be a very difficult and dangerous ally. If the war against Hitler perhaps could not be won without Russia, it was certainly doubtful whether the peace could be won with Russia.
These considerations were certainly important. They should have been carefully weighed in the balance before the United States committed itself to a Second Crusade. That they exercised little influence on the thinking of those responsible for shaping American policy is evident from the record which will be set forth in the next three chapters.
There was an increasing sense in America of having been tricked into the First World War on false pretenses, or for reasons which, in retrospect, seemed inadequate to justify the expenditure of blood and treasure. Seventy-one per cent of the people who replied to a public opinion poll in 1937 expressed the opinion that our participation in the First World War had been a mistake.1
President Roosevelt during the first years of his long Administration made no attempt to combat the prevalent mood in favor of isolating the United States from foreign wars. Addressing the New York State Edition: current; Page: [[98]] Grange before his nomination, on February 2, 1932, he rejected the idea of American membership in the League of Nations for the following reasons:
Roosevelt adhered to this attitude after his election. He showed a tendency to favor economic as well as political isolationism when, in a message to the London Economic Conference in 1933, he bluntly refused to co-operate in plans for international currency stabilization, stating:
We shun political commitments which might entangle us in foreign wars; we avoid connection with the political activities of the League of Nations. . . . We are not isolationists, except insofar as we seek to isolate ourselves completely from war. . . . I have passed unnumbered hours, I shall pass unnumbered hours, thinking and planning how war may be kept from this nation.
The President in this speech sounded a warning against the Americans who, in a hunt for profits, would seek to “break down or evade our neutrality” in the event of an overseas war.
Roosevelt’s first notable departure from his stand for neutrality and noninvolvement, except in response to an attack on the Western Hemisphere, Edition: current; Page: [[99]] occurred when he delivered his “quarantine speech” in Chicago on October 5, 1937. This speech had been prepared in the State Department. But the striking passage about quarantining aggressors was inserted by Roosevelt upon his own initiative.4 It was phrased as follows:
To reconcile the implications of this suggestion with the plain meaning and intent of the Neutrality Act would be extremely difficult. And Roosevelt offered no enlightenment as to what he had in mind in subsequent talks with the press. The speech is interesting, however, as an indication of the President’s changing outlook in world affairs.
The news of the past few days from Germany has deeply shocked public opinion in the United States. Such news from any part of the world would inevitably produce a similar profound reaction among American people in every part of the nation.
I myself could scarcely believe that such things could occur in a twentieth century civilization.6
Roosevelt attacked the Neutrality Act by implication in his address to a joint session of Congress on January 3, 1939:
Words may be futile, but war is not the only means of commanding decent respect for the opinion of mankind. There are many methods, short of war but stronger and more effective than mere words, of bringing home to aggressor governments the sentiments of our people.
The President went on to warn that
“Though we had repeatedly sought to encourage the democracies of Europe, the arrival of war found us with no entangling agreements that would drag us in.”8
Let no group assume the exclusive label of the “peace bloc.” We all belong to it. . . . I give you my deep and unalterable conviction, based on years of experience as a worker in the field of international peace, that by the repeal of the embargo the United States will more probably remain at peace than if the law remains as it stands today. . . . Our acts must be guided by one single, hardheaded thought—keeping America out of the war.
Senator Robert M. La Follette, Jr., argued that “repeal can only be interpreted at home and abroad as an official act taken by our Government for the purpose of partial participation in the European war.”
After the debate had gone on for several weeks, Roosevelt, in a radio broadcast of October 26, gave another of his innumerable professions of intention to keep America at peace. He characterized appeals against sending Americans to the battlefields of Europe as “a shameless and dishonest fake.” “The fact of the international situation . . . is that the United States of America is neutral and does not intend to get involved in war.”
The period when all was quiet on the Maginot Line passed with no appreciable change in the American position. The President made the following statement of the American attitude toward Finland at the time of the Soviet invasion:
Here is a small Republic in northern Europe, which, without any question whatsoever, wishes solely to maintain its own territorial and governmental integrity. Nobody with any pretense at common sense believes that Finland had any ulterior designs on the integrity or safety of the Soviet Union.
That American sympathy is ninety-eight per cent with the Finns in their effort to stave off invasion of their own soil is by now axiomatic.
Roosevelt hit a high emotional note in the speech at Charlottesville, Virginia, on June 10, referred to on page 78, when the French collapse had already reached an advanced stage. He denounced Mussolini, who had just entered the war against France, in the strongest language he had yet used publicly:
“On this tenth day of June, 1940, the hand that held the dagger has struck it into the back of its neighbor.”
He warned against the idea that
There was also a hint of the future conception of lend-lease.
When Roosevelt returned to Washington, he talked in the White House office with Adolf Berle, Assistant Secretary of State, and with his most trusted adviser, Harry Hopkins. Berle suggested that there might be a clear-cut world division, with Roosevelt as the leader of the free people facing Hitler. The President seems to have taken this Edition: current; Page: [[106]] suggestion seriously. “That would be a terrible responsibility,” he said. It is possible that his decision to run for a third term was finally taken that night.11
The responsibility which Roosevelt faced was indeed terrible. The subsequent Soviet-Nazi breach could not have been foreseen with certainty at this time. On any reasonable calculation of geography, manpower, and industrial resources, it was obvious that Great Britain, no matter how much aid it might receive from America, could never singlehandedly break the German military power. Roosevelt, therefore, had to choose between a policy of western hemispheric defense and a policy of increasing commitment to a war which might be expected to take millions of American lives.
Perhaps the President disguised, even to himself, the necessity and the implications of this choice. He continued, vociferously until his election for a third term, in more muted tones after that election, to profess his intention to remain out of the conflict. But at the same time, he instituted policies and made appointments which clearly indicated that America would finally be drawn into the war.
Committed to an all-out victory which Britain could not conceivably win by its own efforts, Winston Churchill spared no effort to draw America into the war. As he tells us in the second volume of his memoirs: “My relations with the President gradually became so close that the chief business between our two countries was virtually conducted by these personal interchanges between him and me. In this way our perfect understanding was gained.”14
A typical budget of Churchill’s requests is to be found in his first message to Roosevelt after assuming office as Prime Minister, on May 15. Churchill asks for the loan of forty or fifty of the older American destroyers, for several hundred of the latest types of aircraft, for anti-aircraft equipment and ammunition, steel and other materials. Lend-lease is foreshadowed in this sentence: “We shall go on paying dollars for as long as we can; but I should like to feel reasonably sure that when we can pay no more you will give us the stuff all the same.”15
If America was to be drawn into the war, the Pacific, as later events were to prove, offered even more opportunities than the Atlantic.
The British Prime Minister faced a delicate psychological problem in his dealings with Washington. He wanted to scare the American Government sufficiently to speed up aid and, if possible, to procure direct intervention. Yet the painting of too gloomy a picture might create fear in American military circles that aid to Britain out of America’s then very scanty military resources might be wasted. This led to occasional inconsistencies.
On the other hand, when arrangements were made to turn over fifty American destroyers to Britain in exchange for bases in the Caribbean area, Churchill was unwilling to publish an exchange of letters between Lothian and Hull, in which the former gave assurance that the British Navy would not be scuttled or surrendered. Churchill declared:
“I think it is much more likely that the German Government will be the one to surrender or scuttle its fleet or what is left of it.”
There might also have seemed to be a moral obligation to submit to the judgment of Congress a decision of such consequence for American neutrality and national defense. But such legal formalities were brushed aside. Attorney General Robert H. Jackson, displaying the flexibility which was later to stand him in good stead as prosecutor in the Nürnberg trials, furnished an opinion which released Roosevelt from the necessity of abiding by the inconvenient laws.
There had been a difference of opinion between London and Washington about how the exchange should take place. Churchill, perhaps scenting a valuable precedent for future lend-lease, wanted the destroyers as a free gift and was willing to lease bases in the same way. Hull felt that Roosevelt would be on stronger ground if he could show that he had received a tangible equivalent for the destroyers.
Churchill’s request for the destroyers had been made in May. It was granted in September. Looking back in retrospect to the year 1940, he could write appreciatively in his memoirs: “Across the Atlantic the great republic drew ever nearer to her duty and our aid.”
“Hitler’s Fifth Column” was a popular subject for sensational magazine articles. One might have imagined that the United States was flooded with Axis agents, carrying on active propaganda through press, radio, and other agencies for influencing American public opinion.
I followed America’s great debate very closely, and I can recall only one alien who took an active part on the isolationist side. This was Freda Utley (now a naturalized American), an English woman publicist. She believed that Britain was being pressed by the Roosevelt Administration to fight an unnecessary war beyond its strength, and that the probable consequences of a prolonged conflict would be chaos in Europe and the triumph of communism. Miss Utley was in no sense a sympathizer with fascism.
On the other side it would be easy to recall the names of scores of alien refugees in this country who formed a kind of interventionist Foreign Legion and devoted themselves with varying degrees of tact and finesse to the task of inducing America to take up arms.
There were also occupational and group cleavages, though these were blurred and shifting by comparison with the situation which prevailed at the time of World War I. Prominent on the interventionist side, in the Second Crusade as in the First, were university and college professors, especially on Eastern campuses, writers, and other intellectuals. The interventionist cause and the activities connected with it (“Bundles for Britain,” for instance) were popular in well-to-do middle-class circles. Roosevelt gained support among prowar Eastern Republicans by his attitude toward international affairs.
An amusing illustration of this point may be found in John P. Marquand’s novel So Little Time. One of the characters, a woman who regards herself as belonging to the social elite, remarks on the eve of the 1940 election:
There were no clear-cut lines of political, economic, and religious division on the issue. Conservatives and radicals, Catholics and Protestants, representatives of business, labor, and farm groups could be found on both sides.
It was the well-to-do classes which were most enthusiastic in support of America’s participation in the First World War. Opposition came mostly from the left, from Socialists, IWW’s, agrarian radicals. This time there was no such clear-cut pattern. It was government planners in Washington, rather than businessmen, who saw in a booming war economy the way out of the long depression which all the contradictory remedies of the New Deal had failed to cure.
“Well, if money is all Mr. White needs, let’s get it for him.”17
“I never did anything the President didn’t ask for, and I always conferred with him on our program.”19
By July 1, 1940, petitions with approximately two million signatures had been sent to the White House, along with thousands of telegrams, postcards, and letters to congressmen. There were nation-wide radio broadcasts and local rallies. By November the Committee had organized 750 local chapters (200 of the first 300 were in New England) and had received $230,000 in contributions from over 10,000 donors.
1. Our first duty is to keep America out of foreign wars. Our entry would only destroy democracy, not save it.
2. We must build a defense, for our own shores, so strong that no foreign power or combination of powers can invade our country by sea, air or land.
3. Not by acts of war, but by preserving and extending democracy at home can we aid democracy and freedom in other lands.
4. In 1917 we sent our ships into the war zone; and this led us to war. In 1941 we must keep our naval convoys and merchant vessels on this side of the Atlantic.
5. Humanitarian aid is the duty of a strong free country at peace. With proper safeguards for the distribution of supplies we should feed and clothe the suffering and needy people of the occupied countries.
Lindbergh in 1940 foresaw with remarkable prescience the need for solidarity among the nations of the West which had become, perhaps too late, an objective of American diplomacy in 1950. He wrote:
Lindbergh was approached indirectly on behalf of the White House and offered the post of Secretary of Air (to be created in the Cabinet) if Edition: current; Page: [[119]] he would cease opposing America’s entrance into the war. He rejected the offer and threw himself into the struggle against involvement.
Lindbergh in his speeches emphasized the ideas that America should stay out of European wars, that the United States was strong enough to defend the Western Hemisphere but not strong enough to impose its will upon the entire world, and that it was no service to Europe to prolong the war. In his testimony before the House Foreign Affairs Committee, opposing the Lend-Lease Act, he argued for American neutrality on the following grounds:
I prefer to see neither side win. I would like to see a negotiated peace. I believe a complete victory on either side would result in prostration in Europe, such as we have never seen. . . .
Lindbergh presented the following analysis of the forces which were promoting American intervention in a much-criticized speech at Des Moines on September 11, 1941. The gist of this address was in the following paragraphs:
Senator Robert A. Taft was a vigorous opponent of intervention on conservative grounds. He declared in June 1941: “Americans don’t want to go to war to beat a totalitarian system in Europe if they are to get socialism here when it is all over.” And after the German attack on Russia, Taft asserted in a nation-wide broadcast that the victory of communism in the world would be far more dangerous to the United States than the victory of fascism.
Exceeding its expressed purpose, the Lend-Lease Bill has been followed by naval action, by military occupation of bases outside the Western Hemisphere, by promises of unauthorized aid to Russia and by other belligerent moves.
Such warlike steps, in no case sanctioned by Congress, undermine its constitutional powers and the fundamental principles of democratic government.
The positions of the two sides in this great debate, carried on through forums, radio addresses, magazine articles, and other means of influencing public opinion, may be briefly summarized as follows: The interventionists saw a grave threat to the United States in the possible victory of Hitler. Some of them emphasized the military, others the economic, others the moral, nature of this threat. They argued that it was an imperative American national interest to “stop Hitler.” They became increasingly reticent about the usual original qualification, “by methods short of war.”
Not all interventionists were as starry-eyed as the author of the following passage, which appeared in an article published in the Atlantic:
I am not grateful to you for sending me notice of the traitorous assemblage to be held on June 16. I do not care to listen to Nazi agents, even when [sic] United States Senators and their wives. If I had the authority, I would bomb and machine-gun your meeting. I am a member of the Fight for Freedom Committee.
Both platforms contained antiwar commitments. The Democratic read: “We will not participate in foreign wars and we will not send our army, naval or air forces to fight in foreign lands outside the Americas, except in case of attack.”
Willkie said in Chicago on September 13: “If you elect me President, I will never send an American boy to fight in a European war.”
He told his audience in Cleveland on October 2: “I am for keeping out of war. I am for peace for America.”
“One difference is my determination to stay out of war. I have a real fear that this Administration is heading for war, and I am against our going to war and will do all that I can to avoid it.”
So Willkie, whose whole attitude after the election promoted the “drift toward war” which he condemned before the votes were counted, tried to win as the champion of peace against war. But he could not outbid Roosevelt in promises on this issue. Between October 28 and November 3 the President gave repeated assurances that he would not lead the country into any foreign wars. As his admirer, Robert E. Sherwood, says:
While I am talking to you, mothers and fathers, I give you one more assurance.
Your boys are not going to be sent into any foreign wars.
On November 2 Roosevelt promised: “Your President says this nation is not going to war.”
On November 3 he added: “The first purpose of our foreign policy is to keep our country out of war.”25
No isolationist could have offered more sweeping and categorical pledges. How these pledges were observed will be the subject of the next two chapters. Professor Thomas A. Bailey, a sympathizer with Roosevelt’s foreign policy, admits that the President’s tactics were disingenuous, but offers an apology in the following passage:
A president who cannot entrust the people with the truth betrays a certain lack of faith in the basic tenets of democracy. But because the masses are notoriously shortsighted and generally cannot see danger until it is at their throats our statesmen are forced to deceive them into an awareness of their own long run interests. This is clearly what Roosevelt had to do, and who shall say that posterity will not thank him for it?
That Roosevelt resorted to habitual deception of the American people both before and after the election of 1940 is not open to serious question. That such deception, on an issue which was literally a matter of life and death for many American citizens, savors of personal dictatorship rather than of democracy, responsive to the popular will, also seems obvious.
Whether Roosevelt’s deception was justified is open to debate. This is a question which everyone must answer on the basis of what America’s Second Crusade cost, what it accomplished, what kind of world emerged from it, and how real was the danger against which it was undertaken.
Roosevelt was elected President for a third term by the votes of isolationists who trusted his dozen or more specific pledges to stay out of war and of interventionists who did not believe he meant what he said. The latter had far more reason for satisfaction. Once assured of four more years in the White House, Roosevelt set the ship of state on a much more militant course. But the double talk, the carrying out of steps which logically pointed to full belligerence to an accompaniment of soothing “no war” assurances, continued almost until Pearl Harbor.
One man who was not deceived by the double talk was the former Ambassador to Great Britain, Joseph P. Kennedy. He had supported Roosevelt in the campaign. But on November 18 he indicated a change of attitude and made two significant and correct predictions in a press interview. One was that Roosevelt’s policies were dragging America into war. The other was that Britain would go socialist after the war.
Immediately after the election there was a political lull. Roosevelt departed on December 2 on a Caribbean cruise with Harry Hopkins as his only guest. The President was apparently mainly concerned with rest and recreation. But on this cruise he received a very important letter from Winston Churchill. In this communication, dated December 8, one finds the final inspiration for the lend-lease idea.
Churchill warned that the moment was approaching “when we shall no longer be able to pay cash for shipping and other supplies.” After receiving this letter Roosevelt, according to Hopkins, came out one evening with the whole lend-lease scheme, the delivery of munitions and supplies free of charge to Great Britain and the other anti-Axis belligerents.
“He didn’t seem to have any clear idea how it could be done legally,” Hopkins observes. “But there wasn’t a doubt in his mind that he would find a way to do it.”
After returning to Washington, Roosevelt outlined the principle of lend-lease at a press conference. He used as an illustration the case of a man lending his garden hose to a neighbor whose house was on fire.
In the course of his “fireside” chat to the American people on December 29 the President painted a dire picture of the peril that was supposedly hanging over the Western Hemisphere.
Never since Jamestown and Plymouth Rock has American civilization been in such danger as now. . . . If Great Britain goes down, the Axis powers will control the continents of Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia and the high seas—and they will be in a position to bring enormous military and naval resources against this hemisphere. It is no exaggeration to say that all of us in the Americas would be living at the point of a gun—a gun loaded with explosive bullets, economic as well as military.
Yet along with this melodramatic scare note, which was to be struck again and again and again during 1941, there were soothing assurances that the United States would not get into the war.
There is far less chance of the United States getting into the war if we do all we can now to support the nations defending themselves against the Axis. . . . You can therefore nail any talk about sending armies to Europe as deliberate untruth. . . . We must be the arsenal of democracy.
Roosevelt outlined the plan for lend-lease aid to the anti-Axis powers in his message to Congress of January 6, 1941. This was the longest Edition: current; Page: [[129]] single stride on the road to war. For it is a long-recognized principle of international law that it is an act of war for a neutral government (as distinguished from private firms or agencies) to supply arms, munitions, and implements of war to a belligerent.
The United States had demanded and obtained heavy damages, by decision of a court of arbitration, from Great Britain because the British Government did not prevent the escape from a British port of the cruiser Alabama, built for the Confederacy, which subsequently preyed upon United States shipping. But Roosevelt brushed off objections based on international law with the off-the-cuff declaration:
“Such aid is not an act of war, even if a dictator should unilaterally proclaim it so to be.”
In this same speech, speaking on behalf of a country which was still technically nonbelligerent, Roosevelt banged, barred, and bolted the door to suggestions of a compromise or negotiated peace:
“We are committed to the proposition that principles of morality and considerations of our own security will not permit us to acquiesce in a peace dictated by aggressors and sponsored by appeasers.”
Yet this fateful measure was not frankly presented and advocated as equivalent to a state of limited belligerence. If one studies the record of the debates in House and Senate, one finds supporters of the bill employing this kind of reasoning:
“We believe that this measure offers the surest method by which we can avoid participation actively in this war and at the same time help those nations which are heroically grappling with a universal enemy and preserve the doctrines of our fathers and the aspirations of our own hearts.”—Senator Alben Barkley, of Kentucky.
A powerful voice from across the Atlantic joined the chorus of those who insisted that the lend-lease bill would keep America out of war. Winston Churchill, whose private letters to Roosevelt had long been filled with pleas for American warlike action, broadcast this reassurance to the American people on February 9, 1941:
On any sober, realistic appraisal of British and Axis strength this was assurance which could not be fulfilled. But it was what many Americans wished to hear. Lend-lease was carried because the minority of all-out interventionists were reinforced by a larger number who hoped, and were given every assurance to this effect by Administration spokesmen, that unlimited subsidies of munitions and supplies would buy America out of active participation in the war.
The bill became law on March 11, 1941. The vote was 265 to 165 in the House, 60 to 31 in the Senate. These were substantial, but not overwhelming majorities. Had the measure been frankly presented as a measure of limited war, which it was, it is most improbable that it could have been passed.
At the very time when anxious Congressmen were being assured that the lend-lease bill was designed to avoid war, these military and naval experts were adopting a report which took American participation in the war for granted. The principal conclusions of this report were phrased as follows:
The use of the word when, not if, was certainly suggestive of the Administration’s attitude.
Typical of the furtive methods by which Roosevelt edged the country into a state of undeclared war was the noteworthy care taken to conceal these American-British talks (not only their content, but the fact that they were taking place) from the knowledge of Congress. This is made clear by Robert E. Sherwood when he writes:
There could scarcely be a more candid admission, from a source favorable to Roosevelt, that America was stealthily maneuvered into war behind the backs and without the knowledge of the elected representatives of the American people. A study of the Congressional debates and private talks with some members of that body confirm this view. Even members of the Senate and House Foreign Relations Committees were kept very much in the dark as to what the President was doing or intending to do. As Nathaniel Peffer subsequently wrote in an issue of Harper’s Magazine:
In case the Yugoslav Government signs an agreement with Germany detrimental to the interests of Great Britain and Greece, who are fighting for the freedom of all, the President will be bound to freeze all Yugoslav assets and to revise entirely the American policy toward Yugoslavia.
As soon as the Lend-Lease Act became law Roosevelt characteristically set out to find a means of convoying supplies which could be plausibly called by some other name. “Patrol” seemed to fill the needs of the situation.
Even before the patrol system had been adopted, the American Navy had been stepping far beyond the bounds of hemisphere defense. The Congressional Pearl Harbor investigation turned up two interesting letters from Admiral Harold Stark, Chief of Naval Operations, to Admiral Husband E. Kimmel, commander in chief of the Pacific fleet. In the first of these, dated April 4, 1941, Stark wrote: “The question as to our entry into the war seems to be when, and not whether.” The second is more specific about military preparations on the other side of the Atlantic:
I am enclosing a memo on convoy which I drew up primarily to give the President a picture of what is now being done, what we would propose to do if we convoyed, and of our ability to do it. . . .
All this did not harmonize with the President’s pre-election promises that “this country is not going to war.” But with no election in prospect, there was no brake on the gradual slide toward open belligerence.
Roosevelt in a press conference on May 16 referred to a subject which evidently appealed to his imagination, since he raised it on several other occasions. This was the presidential right to wage undeclared Edition: current; Page: [[138]] war, as illustrated by such precedents as the clash with France during the Administration of John Adams and with the Barbary pirates when Jefferson was President. Roosevelt declared that the Germans were really pirates. On the same day Knox announced: “It is impossible to exaggerate the mortal danger of our country at this moment.”
Stimson had already sounded a call to war in a radio address of May 6, which ended as follows:
“The attack on the United States can begin with the domination of any base which menaces our security—north or south.”
Old-fashioned common sense calls for the use of a strategy that will prevent such an enemy from gaining a foothold in the first place.
We in the Americas will decide for ourselves whether, and when, and where, our American interests are attacked or our security is threatened.
We are placing our armed forces in strategic military position.
We will not hesitate to use our armed forces to repel attack.
There was also a declaration of a state of “unlimited national emergency.” However, there was a sense of anticlimax when Roosevelt in his press conference on the following day denied any intention to institute convoys or to press for the repeal of the Neutrality Act.
What was the over-all military picture in May 1941? There was no longer serious danger of a Nazi invasion of England.13 The American and British surface fleets were enormously stronger than the combined Axis naval strength. There was, therefore, not the slightest prospect that German armies could cross the Atlantic in force.
At that time there were constant rumors of German infiltration into French North Africa. A favorite scare story was that Hitler’s legions would move into Dakar (itself a long jump from North Africa) and then move across the Atlantic into Brazil. Commentators who spread these stories never took the trouble to explain how it would be possible to transport substantial forces across the ocean in the face of superior American and British naval power.
But the suggestion that the Western Hemisphere was in imminent peril can fairly be dismissed as a fraudulent exaggeration. The fraud and the exaggeration are all the greater if one considers that both the American and the British governments were in possession of reliable information to the effect that Hitler’s main military strength would soon be hurled against Russia. The most fevered alarmist imagination Edition: current; Page: [[141]] could scarcely envisage Hitler simultaneously invading Russia and mounting an offensive against the American continent.
On the contrary, there was every prospect that a victorious Soviet Union would be as ruthless in victory, as eager to expand as a victorious Germany. There was neither moral nor political advantage in substituting Stalin for Hitler.
Curiously enough, it was a man of no experience in foreign affairs who sensed the necessity for a careful handling of the Soviet Union as an associate. Senator Harry S. Truman was quoted in the New York Times of June 23, 1941, as saying:
As soon as Churchill received the news of Hitler’s attack, he went on the air to announce all possible aid to Russia and the Russian people.
“No one,” the British Prime Minister declared, “has been a more consistent opponent of communism than I have for the last twenty-five years. I will unsay no word that I have spoken about it. But all this fades away before the spectacle that is now unfolding.”
There was an exchange of notes between Welles and the Soviet Ambassador, Constantin Oumansky, on August 2. The former pledged “all economic assistance practicable for the purpose of strengthening the Soviet Union in its struggle against armed aggression.”
If Stalin could in any way be influenced at a critical time I think it would be worth doing by a direct communication from you through a personal envoy. I think the stakes are so great that it should be done. Stalin would then know in an unmistakable way that we mean business on a long-term supply job.15
Stalin took a moral tone in his reply. The Germans, he said, were a people who would sign a treaty today and break it tomorrow. Nations must fulfill their treaty obligations, or international society could not exist.16
Stalin outlined his military needs and gave Hopkins a sketch of Soviet military resources. He suggested that the one thing which would defeat Hitler would be an announcement that the United States was going to war with Germany. He even said that he would welcome American troops on any part of the Russian front under the complete command of the American Army.17
The full text of the Atlantic Charter is as follows:
Third, they respect the right of all peoples to choose the form of government under which they will live; and they wish to see sovereign rights and self-government restored to those who have been forcibly deprived of them.
Fourth, they will endeavor, with due respect for their existing obligations, to further the enjoyment of all States, great or small, victor or vanquished, of access, on equal terms, to the trade and to the raw materials of the world which are needed for their economic prosperity.
Fifth, they desire to bring about the fullest collaboration between all nations in the economic field with the object of securing for all Edition: current; Page: [[145]] improved labor standards, economic adjustment and social security.
Since the principles of the Atlantic Charter were repeatedly reaffirmed not only by America and Great Britain, but by the Soviet Union and other members of the United Nations coalition, it may be regarded as a morally binding statement of the ideals which should have governed the making of the peace. The first three clauses restate a familiar Wilsonian idea: the right of all peoples to choose their national allegiance and form of government.
Clause 4 is a promise of equality in commercial opportunity between nations. Other objectives of the Charter are the promotion of improved social and economic conditions, the insuring of a stable peace, the disarming of “aggressor” nations.
There were two disagreements regarding the phrasing of the Charter. Edition: current; Page: [[146]] The qualifying phrase “with due respect for their existing obligations” was inserted by Churchill at the insistence of Lord Beaverbrook, a staunch champion of Empire economic preferences. Clause 6 in its original form included the words “by effective international organization.” These were struck out by Roosevelt because of fear of opposition which might be aroused in the United States.
Another important subject at the conference was American and British diplomatic action against Japan. Churchill pressed for a joint threat of war. From his standpoint it would be just as well if America got into the war in the Pacific as in the Atlantic. So the draft of the declaration which Roosevelt was supposed to address to the Japanese Government, as submitted by Cadogan, contained the ultimate specific threat. It read:
1. Any further encroachment by Japan in the Southwestern Pacific would produce a situation in which the United States Government would be compelled to take counter-measures even though these might lead to war between the United States and Japan.
2. If any third power becomes the object of aggression by Japan in consequence of such counter-measures or of their support of them, the President would have the intention to seek authority from Congress to give aid to such power.
There was also an agreement during the Roosevelt-Churchill meeting that the United States should occupy the Azores Islands, while Edition: current; Page: [[147]] Great Britain proposed to take over the Canary and Cape Verde Islands.18 The Cape Verde Islands were to be transferred to American occupation later. This plan never went into effect because the rumored German move into the Iberian peninsula which inspired the design to seize the islands in the East Atlantic never took place.
And so we came back across the ocean waves, uplifted in spirit, fortified in resolve. Some American destroyers which were carrying mail to the United States Marines in Iceland happened to be going the same way too, so we made a goodly company at sea together.
“The attack on the Greer,” he declared, “was no localized military operation in the North Atlantic. . . . This was one determined step toward creating a permanent world system based on force, terror and murder. When you see a rattlesnake poised to strike you do not wait until he has struck to crush him.”
“This,” said Admiral Stark, “was in accordance with her orders, that is to give out information, but not to attack.”
I say that we do not propose to take this lying down.
But the majority of the American people remained markedly indifferent to these warlike appeals. The contrast between the President’s categorical pledges not to get into war in 1940 (when the danger to Britain was certainly far greater than it was after Hitler attacked Russia) and his present obvious efforts to get into hostilities at any price was too strong.
Some public-opinion polls taken during this period are not very revealing. Much depended on who was conducting them, on how questions were phrased, on which groups in the community were reached. But Congress was a pretty reliable barometer of the mood of the nation. The one-vote majority by which selective service was renewed was one signal of the aversion to the idea of a second crusade. Another unmistakable signal was given only three weeks before Pearl Harbor.
“No, the whole truth about our war morale is not that it is now in a slump. Measured by what we are up against, it was never in anything else.”
The radio and the press, like the films, were overwhelmingly on the interventionist side by the autumn of 1941. Flynn asserted that in three days he had counted 127 interventionist broadcasts, compared with six on the other side.
And yet, with all the sparks that were being generated, the people failed to catch fire. Hundreds of chapters of the America First Committee pledged themselves to work for the defeat of congressmen who had voted to repeal the Neutrality Act. Francis P. Miller, an extreme interventionist, was defeated by a Republican in an off-year election in Fairfax County, Virginia, in November 1941. This was a district in which a Democratic victory was normally taken for granted.
But just when the situation in the Atlantic seemed very unpromising, from the standpoint of speedy full involvement in war, rescue for the Administration came from the Pacific. The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, followed by Hitler’s declaration of war, extricated Roosevelt from one of the most difficult dilemmas in which a statesman can find himself—the dilemma of having led his people halfway into war.
1. The repeal of the arms embargo in November 1939.
3. Enactment of the Lend-Lease Act in March 1941.
5. The institution of “patrols” in the North Atlantic on April 24.
6. The sending of American laborers to build a naval base in Northern Ireland.
7. The blocking of German credits in the United States and the closing of consulates in the early summer of 1941.Edition: current; Page: [[152]]
10. The shoot-at-sight orders given to American warships and announced on September 11.
11. Authorization for the arming of merchant ships and the sending of merchant ships into war zones in November 1941.
The first three of these steps were accompanied by loud protestations that they were designed to keep America at peace, not to get it into war. Several of the other measures were taken without consulting Congress in an atmosphere of exaggerated alarmism, secrecy, contrived confusion, and official misrepresentation of facts. The entire record may be usefully set against Roosevelt’s repeated categorical assurances that his principal aim was to keep America out of war. Seldom if ever in American history was there such a gulf between appearances and realities, between Presidential words and Presidential deeds.
By 1941 the United States had become deeply involved in the Pacific, as well as in the Atlantic theater of World War II. The Roosevelt Administration was striving to block and discourage Japan’s expansion by a variety of measures short of war: economic discrimination, aid to China, diplomatic warnings, display of naval force.
A war waged over a large expanse of Chinese territory inevitably led to incidents affecting the security of American lives and property. American business communities were located in the larger cities, and several thousand American missionaries lived in China, some in the cities, many in smaller towns throughout the country.
China’s purchases in the United States in 1936, the last prewar year, were about 55 million dollars. Japan’s were more than four times that amount. For Japan, despite its smaller population, was far more advanced than China in the development of its industry, shipping, and international trade.
From a purely economic standpoint, there was no reason for America to run a risk of war with Japan by actively supporting China against Japan. But American Far Eastern policy was influenced by various non-economic motives.
Another American note, of December 31, tartly denied that “there was any need or warrant for any one power to take upon itself to prescribe what shall be the terms and conditions of a ‘new order’ in areas not under its sovereignty and to constitute itself the repository of authority and the agent of destiny in regard thereto.”
During the next year there were no sensational developments in American-Japanese relations. The impulse to apply embargoes and other economic restraints against Japan was restrained by the outbreak of war in Europe, but the year from July 1940 to July 1941 was marked by a number of American measures which reflected rising tension in the Pacific.
President Roosevelt in July 1940 placed under license exports of machine tools, chemicals, nonferrous metals, oil products, scrap metal, and aviation gasoline outside the Western Hemisphere.
On September 25, 1940, China received a loan of 25 million dollars for currency stabilization. An embargo on all exports of scrap iron and steel, except to Britain and nations of the Western Hemisphere, was declared on September 26.
China received an additional 100 million dollars loan on November 30.
China became eligible for lend-lease aid on March 11, 1941.
On April 26, 1941, there was a monetary stabilization accord with China.
The climax, and the prelude to Pearl Harbor, occurred on July 25, 1941. On that date the President froze all Japanese assets in the United States, amounting to 130 million dollars. This was followed by similar action on the part of Great Britain and the Netherlands Indies. What Edition: current; Page: [[159]] this amounted to was an economic blockade of Japan, a cessation of all trade relations.
Indeed, Roosevelt himself, on the very eve of the freezing order, had publicly expressed the opinion that a complete blockade of Japan would precipitate war. He was outlining the reasons for the government’s decision not to cut off all oil supplies to Japan:
All right. And now here is a nation called Japan. Whether they had at that time aggressive purposes to enlarge their empire southward, they didn’t have any oil of their own up in the north. Now, if we cut the oil off, they probably would have gone down to the Netherlands East Indies1 a year ago, and we would have had war. [Italics supplied.]2
It is surprising that the war-making decision of July 25 excited slight reaction at the time, even in isolationist circles. There were several reasons for this apathetic reaction of American public opinion.
There was also at that time a general disposition to overestimate the chances of peaceful coercion, to assume that Japan could be brought into line by boycotts and embargoes. This stemmed from wishful thinking, from the American desire to “stop” Japan without going to war.
“The Chief of Naval Operations and the Army Chief of Staff do not anticipate immediate hostile reaction by the Japanese through the use of military means, but you are furnished this information in order that you may take appropriate precautionary measures against any possible eventualities.”
Japan’s higher councils were divided during the critical period before Pearl Harbor. There was an extremist group, composed of the more fire-eating generals and admirals and of some civilian leaders, a group which saw in Europe’s difficulty Japan’s opportunity to build up a vast Asiatic empire. There is no evidence that even these militarists worked out plans for invading the American continent.
There were also influential statesmen, with access to the Emperor, who disliked the idea of breaking with the West, who believed that Japan could support its fast-growing population through industrial leadership and commercial expansion, without resorting to force. The Edition: current; Page: [[161]] Japanese Ambassador to the United States in 1941, Admiral Kichisaburo Nomura, belonged to this moderate group. Hull credits Nomura with “having been honestly sincere in trying to avert war between his country and mine.”3
According to this proposal Japan would feel bound by her military obligations under the Tripartite Pact only if one of the partners was “aggressively attacked” by a power not involved in the European war. Hull objected to this on the ground that it left Japan free to interpret the somewhat elastic phrase, “aggressive action.” Hull, like Roosevelt, Edition: current; Page: [[162]] was already anticipating American initiative in precipitating a shooting war in the Atlantic.
1. Respect for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of each and all nations.
2. Support of the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of other countries.
4. Non-disturbance of the status quo in the Pacific except as the status quo may be altered by peaceful means.6
No one can say with certainty whether the Japanese moderates, among whom the Prime Minister at that time, Prince Konoye, must be reckoned, could have checked the career of southward expansion on which the military and naval extremists had set their hearts. But obviously Edition: current; Page: [[163]] the Japanese moderates could not hope to succeed without more co-operation from Washington than Secretary Hull’s moral lectures.
What is certain is that at no time during the critical months before Pearl Harbor did the American Government offer even the most modest quid pro quo for a reorientation of Japanese policy. The United States was not willing to commit itself even to such a small gesture as recognition of the long-accomplished fact of the existence of Manchukuo. The attitude of consistent stiff negativism in Washington was an important factor in eliminating any possibility of a peaceful settlement in the Pacific.
Given a Japanese decision to risk war with the United States, a surprise blow at the American Pacific fleet, concentrated at the great Hawaiian base, was a very probable development. Japanese military and naval teaching had always emphasized the importance of secrecy and surprise. The experience of the war in Europe showed that certain Edition: current; Page: [[164]] operations which would not have been technically feasible in World War I could be carried out because of the increased range of air power.
But the orders and information sent by the higher military authorities in Washington to General Walter C. Short and Admiral Husband E. Kimmel, respectively commanders of the military and naval forces at Pearl Harbor, were notably lacking in precision and urgency. The commanders on the spot were encouraged to maintain a normal, “business as usual” attitude until the attack actually took place.
This was all the stranger and less excusable because United States cryptoanalysts, through an operation known as MAGIC, had cracked the code used in communications from Tokyo to members of the Japanese diplomatic corps throughout the world. This created a situation suggestive of playing poker while watching your opponent’s cards in a mirror.
Why it was possible for Japan, despite this handicap, to start the war with a stunning surprise blow is one of the great mysteries of history. The Army Pearl Harbor Board which reported its findings to the Secretary of War on October 20, 1944, voiced the following criticism:
Washington was in possession of essential facts as to the enemy’s intentions and proposals.
This information showed clearly that war was inevitable and late in November absolutely imminent. . . .
The messages actually sent to Hawaii by the Army and Navy gave only a small fraction of this information. It would have been possible to have sent safely, information ample for the purpose of orienting the commanders in Hawaii, or positive directives for an all-out alert. . . .
“There was a good prospect that we might use the advance of the Japanese troops in Indo-China as the basis of a compromise in the Japanese-American talks then under way. I am confident I will be able to prevent a war.”10
Roosevelt at first was favorably impressed by the prospect of the meeting. He indicated a preference for Juneau, Alaska, over Honolulu. However, he accepted Hull’s suggestion that there should be no talk until there had been a preliminary agreement about the points at issue.
It was on this obstacle that the proposed meeting, which might have staved off the Pacific war, foundered. There was no willingness on Hull’s part to leave any room for give-and-take, to allow some scope for negotiation after the meeting began.
Grew strongly recommended the meeting in a report to the Secretary of State on September 29. This report may be summarized as follows:
The Ambassador does not consider unlikely the possibility of Prince Konoye’s being in a position to give President Roosevelt a more explicit and satisfactory engagement than has already been vouchsafed in the course of the preliminary conversations.
Grew further warned of the possibility of serious Japanese reaction if the preliminary discussion should drag on in the hope of obtaining clear-cut commitments. He predicted:
The logical outcome of this will be the downfall of the Konoye Cabinet and the formation of a military dictatorship which will lack either the disposition or the temperament to avoid colliding head-on with the United States.12
Grew notes on October 1 that a Japanese friend of high standing informed him that political circles now know of Konoye’s intention, and that the proposal is generally approved, even among the military, because of the economic necessity of reaching a settlement with the United States. About the same time the Ambassador made the following comment in his diary:
After exhausting our strength by four years of the China Incident, following right upon the Manchurian Incident, the present is hardly an opportune time for venturing upon another long-drawn-out war on a large scale. I think it would be better to fix up a temporary “truce” now in the spirit of “give-and-take” and make this the prelude to greater achievements later.14
Tokyo offered Nomura and Kurusu a slight relaxation of the original time limit on November 22. The envoys were informed that it would be satisfactory if an agreement were reached by the twenty-ninth. This communication, which, of course, was available to high American officials, ended on this ominous note:
“This time we mean it, that the deadline absolutely cannot be changed. After that things are automatically going to happen.”
The background of this warning was that on November 25 a Japanese task force under the command of Admiral Isoruku Yamamoto was to take off, with Pearl Harbor as its objective. The advancement of the time limit was apparently because it was realized in Tokyo that this force could be turned back without committing any act of aggression if an agreement were reached while the expedition was in its early stages.
Japan and the United States to make no armed advance in any region in Southeast Asia and the Southwest Pacific area.
Japan to withdraw her troops from Indo-China when peace is restored between Japan and China or when an equitable peace is established in the Pacific area.
Japan and the United States to co-operate toward acquiring goods and commodities which the two countries need in the Netherlands East Indies.
The United States to refrain from such measures and actions as would prejudice endeavors for the restoration of peace between Japan and China.
These proposals met with no favor in the eyes of Secretary Hull. He did not believe the Japanese offer to withdraw from southern Indo-China was adequate compensation for the lifting of the American blockade. However, he seriously considered a counterproposal, aimed at creating a three months’ modus vivendi. This was the only conciliatory move the American Government seems to have thought of making during the protracted negotiations with Japan in 1941, and this move was not made.
Henry Morgenthau, Secretary of the Treasury, who liked to have a finger in every diplomatic pie, set his staff to work preparing a detailed blueprint of a temporary economic truce. Some features of the Treasury plan were incorporated in the scheme which was finally approved by Hull after being worked over by State Department experts.
No one can say whether the influence of the Japanese moderates would have been strong enough to stop the planned attack in return for these restricted American concessions. But the offer was never made. Hull dropped his one experiment in conciliation under pressure from China and Great Britain.
The idea that Japan faced military defeat as a result of any past, present, or prospective action by China was unrealistic, if not downright ludicrous. But in the fevered atmosphere of the time, it was a good propaganda line. Hull later declared that “Chiang has sent numerous hysterical cable messages to different Cabinet officers and high officials in the Government—other than the State Department.”
Of course it is for you to handle this business and we certainly do not want an additional war. There is only one point that disquiets us. What about Chiang? Is he not having a very thin diet? Our anxiety is about China. If they collapse our joint danger would enormously increase. We are sure that the regard of the United States for the Chinese cause will govern your action. We feel that the Japanese are most unsure of themselves.
On the previous day, November 25, there had been an important council at the White House, with the President, Hull, Stimson, Knox, Marshall, and Stark present. The spirit of this meeting is reflected in Stimson’s comment in his diary:
“The question was how we should maneuver them [the Japanese] into firing the first shot without allowing too much danger to ourselves.”
Here, perhaps, is a clue both to the abandonment of the truce proposal and to the curious absence of concern for normal precautionary measures at Pearl Harbor.
Secretary Hull certainly made a notable contribution to the end suggested by Stimson when, after discarding his compromise proposal, he handed the Japanese envoys what amounted to a demand for unconditional surrender in a set of ten proposals presented to them on November 26. One of these proposals was that Japan should withdraw its forces from Indo-China and from China. Another demanded that there should be no support of any government in China other than the National Government (Chiang Kai-shek).
There was a suggestion for a multilateral nonaggression pact among the governments principally concerned in the Pacific. Only on these terms, which amounted to relinquishment by Japan of everything it had gained on the mainland during the preceding ten years, would the United States consent to restore normal economic relations. After reading these proposals, Kurusu remarked that when they were communicated to Tokyo the Government would be likely to throw up its hands.
Technically, Hull’s ten points did not constitute an ultimatum. No time limit was set, and counterproposals were not excluded. But when one considers the circumstances under which they were presented, and their completely uncompromising character, one may feel that the Army Board which investigated the Pearl Harbor attack was justified in describing Hull’s communication as “the document that touched the button that started the war.”
For example, a message from Tokyo to Japanese agents in Honolulu on November 29, the day after which “things were automatically going to happen,” read:
“We have been receiving reports from you on ship movements, but in future you will also report even when there are no movements.”
It was a reasonable deduction from this message that Japan was preparing a secret blow for which an outward pretense of continuing negotiations was a necessary mask. And there was strong reason to suspect that Hawaii might be the target of this blow.
But the messages which were sent from Washington to General Short and Admiral Kimmel did not convey the full gravity of the situation. Nowhere was it suggested that Pearl Harbor be put on a war footing, Edition: current; Page: [[176]] or that an attack might be imminent. General Marshall’s message to General Short of November 27 read as follows:
This despatch is to be considered a war warning. Negotiations with Japan looking toward stabilization of conditions in the Pacific have ceased and an aggressive move by Japan is expected in the next few days. The number and equipment of Japanese troops and the organization of naval task forces indicate an amphibious expedition against either the Philippines, Thai, or Kra peninsula, or possibly Borneo.
Short received no further information after the message of November 27 except three communications of November 27 and 28 suggesting possible danger from sabotage. When Short, years later, was able to state his case before a congressional committee of investigation he testified:
The impression conveyed to me by this message [of November 27] was that the avoidance of war was paramount and the greatest fear of the War Department was that some international incident might occur in Hawaii and be regarded in Washington as an overt act. . . .
Of course, if Short and Kimmel had been of the stature of Napoleon and Nelson, they would have taken more active defense measures on their own initiative. But the consistent failure of Washington to keep them fully informed of the intense gravity of the situation remains amazing.
Under questioning by the Congressional committee neither General Marshall nor Admiral Stark could give any clear account of what he was doing on the evening of December 6. The secretary of the General Staff, Colonel (later Lieutenant General) W. Bedell Smith, seems to have made no attempt to bring the important information conveyed by the Japanese note to the attention of his chief, Marshall, who was in his quarters at Fort Myer.
Still more significant was another message from Tokyo instructing the Japanese Ambassador to present this note to the United States Government Edition: current; Page: [[180]] at 1 p.m. on December 7. Here was not only the date, but the hour when hostilities might be expected to commence. An alert mind might have reckoned that 1 p.m. in Washington was dawn in Honolulu, the most probable moment for an air attack.
Japanese are presenting at 1 p.m. eastern standard time today what amounts to an ultimatum, also they are under orders to destroy their code machine immediately. Just what significance the hour set may have we do not know, but be on alert accordingly. Inform naval authorities of this communication. Marshall.
The evidence is not decisive; a case can be made for either interpretation of the known facts. What is certain is that the Japanese, although they tipped their hand repeatedly in deciphered messages which they considered secret, achieved full surprise and complete military victory in the attack which burst on Pearl Harbor on the morning of December 7.
They killed some 2,500 American soldiers and sailors, and sank or crippled eight battleships, three cruisers, and three destroyers—all at a loss to themselves of twenty-nine aircraft, five midget submarines, and one fleet submarine.
From the Japanese standpoint Pearl Harbor was worse than a crime; it was a blunder. For it plunged Japan into a war that could not be won with an enemy enormously superior in technology and industrial power and completely immune to direct Japanese attack on its munitions centers.
Politically it would have been much wiser for the Japanese to have moved against Dutch and British possessions, by-passing the Philippines. America would probably have entered the war in any case. But public opinion would have been very divided. However, Japan’s military and naval leaders were conditioned to think only in strategic terms. And the prospect of knocking out the American Pacific fleet in one swift surprise action was an irresistible temptation. Perhaps some future discovery will prove or disprove the suspicion that this temptation was deliberately spread before their eyes.
The fundamental cause of the war was the clash between Japan’s ambitions on the Asiatic mainland and the American determination to underwrite the cause of China. There is no evidence that the Japanese militarists in their wildest dreams thought of invading the American Edition: current; Page: [[182]] continent. Nor would the Philippines have been worth a war with the United States.
Such well-qualified witnesses as Roosevelt and Stimson confirm the view that the war was over China. Roosevelt, speaking at a dinner of the Foreign Policy Association in 1944, said:
“We could have compromised with Japan and bargained for a place in a Japanese-dominated Asia by selling out the heart’s blood of the Chinese people. And we rejected that!”
“If at any time the United States had been willing to concede to Japan a free hand in China there would have been no war in the Pacific.”21
Despite the shock of a severe military defeat, leading figures in the Roosevelt Administration greeted the news of Pearl Harbor with relief, if not with positive joy. The Japanese had extricated this Administration from the awkward position in which it found itself in the last months of 1941.
Every step that could be represented, however disingenuously, as short of war had been taken in the Atlantic. But the Nazi power was unbroken. Churchill was clamoring for more aid. And Congress was balking at measures far less serious than a declaration of war.
“When the news first came that Japan had attacked us, my first feeling was of relief that indecision was over and that a crisis had come in a way which would unite all our people.”
“I think the Boss really feels more relief than he has had for weeks.”
Eleanor Roosevelt, recalling Pearl Harbor day in an article in the New York Times Magazine of October 8, 1944, observes:
“December 7 was just like any of the later D-days to us. We clustered at the radio and waited for more details—but it was far from the shock it proved to the country in general. We had expected something of the sort for a long time.”
And Captain Oliver Lyttleton, a British Cabinet Minister, told the American Chamber of Commerce in London on June 20, 1944: “America provoked Japan to such an extent that the Japanese were forced to attack Pearl Harbor. It is a travesty on history to say that America was forced into war.”22
Why Hitler kept this promise, when he broke so many others, is a question to which no positive answer can be given, in the light of available information. Perhaps he regarded it as a matter of prestige, and of revenge for the undeclared naval war in the Atlantic. The Italian Foreign Minister, Count Ciano, shrewdly appraised the significance of what was to happen at Pearl Harbor when he wrote in his diary on December 3, after the Japanese Ambassador had told Mussolini of his government’s intention:
“Now that Roosevelt has succeeded in his maneuver, not being able to enter the war directly, he has succeeded by an indirect route—forcing the Japanese to attack him.”2
Stalin, more practical, cynical, and opportunist, believed that it was necessary to build up a powerful militarized state in Russia before getting involved in foreign adventures. Hence his insistence on a frantic pace of development for war industries during the five-year plans, regardless of the cost in human suffering and deprivation for the Russian people.
This attractive dream of watching the capitalist world tear itself to pieces and then stepping in to collect the fragments was shattered by Hitler’s attack in June 1941. The first months of the war were marked by severe defeats for the Red Army, defeats which were as much political as military in character.3 There were moments when Stalin most probably felt that the very existence of his regime was hanging in the balance.
Churchill was a champion of British national and imperial interests. He made no secret of his desire to preserve the British Empire intact. As he said on one occasion: “I have not become His Majesty’s First Minister in order to preside over the liquidation of the British Empire.”
Churchill’s energy, his mental resilience, his physical endurance were prodigious. But he was in the difficult position of being boxed in between two more powerful allies. The Soviet Union put in the field enormously larger land forces. The United States possessed far greater reserves of manpower, much larger natural resources, and higher industrial productivity. Churchill had to reckon not only with the historic antagonism between Russian and British interests in the Balkans and the Near East but with coolness and suspicion in regard to certain issues on Roosevelt’s part.
According to Elliott Roosevelt, the President said to him, at the time of the meeting at which the Atlantic Charter was signed:
“America won’t help England in this war simply so that she will be able to ride roughshod over colonial peoples.”4
On another occasion Roosevelt is represented as saying: “Great Britain signed the Atlantic Charter. I hope they realize the United States means to make them live up to it.”5
There is no record that Roosevelt ever expressed an intention to “make” Stalin live up to the Atlantic Charter in his treatment of Poland, Finland, and the Baltic states. After Teheran Roosevelt is quoted as offering the following explanation of United States policy:
The biggest thing was in making clear to Stalin that the United States and Great Britain were not allied in one common bloc against the Soviet Union. That’s our big job now, and it will be our big job tomorrow, too, making sure that we continue to act as referee, as intermediary between Russia and England.6
Stalin, who loved to practice the old maxim Divide and Rule, could have wished nothing better.
So one of the most inhuman and politically unwise decisions of the provisional peace settlement, the expulsion of millions of Germans from lands that had been German for centuries, was approved in advance by Churchill. The betrayal of Poland, the acquiescence in creating a terrific refugee problem in Germany, the support of Tito in Yugoslavia, were all part of an attempt to strike an acceptable deal with Stalin.
For a time Churchill thought he had succeeded. He confidently told the House of Commons on October 27, 1944, that “our relations with Soviet Russia were never more close, intimate and cordial than they are at the present time.” In an earlier broadcast, on November 29, 1942, he ventured the hopeful prediction that “there will be a far higher sense of comradeship around the council table than existed among the victors at Versailles.”
But after the damage had been done, the wrong decisions taken, the dishonorable departure from Atlantic Charter principles accepted, the British Prime Minister experienced a very substantial change of opinion. In the introduction to the first volume of his war memoirs, written in March 1948, one finds this striking admission:
Hull himself was of extremely mediocre caliber as a diplomat. He was equally deficient in first-hand knowledge of foreign lands and foreign languages. An able career diplomat who served under him complained that it was impossible to induce him to make decisions of the greatest urgency within a reasonable length of time or to keep his ambassadors reasonably familiar with the development of Administration policy.
Even if Hull and Stettinius had been more effective diplomats, it was not in Roosevelt’s power-loving and secretive nature to let the threads of foreign policy slip out of his hands. The aims of his highly personal policy may be briefly summarized as follows:
Complete military, political, and economic smashing of Germany and Japan.
Evolution of the military coalition known as the United Nations into a world association, capable of preserving the peace.
Roosevelt, gambling for stakes as enormous as any statesman ever played for, has been betting that the Soviet Union needs peace and is willing to pay for it by collaborating with the West.
1. To give Stalin without stint or limit everything he asked for the prosecution of the war and to refrain from asking Stalin for anything in return.
3. To let Stalin know that the influence of the White House was being used to encourage American public opinion to take a favorable view of the Soviet Union.
4. To meet Stalin face to face and persuade him into an acceptance of Christian ways and democratic principles.
“I really think the Russians will go along with me about having no spheres of influence and about agreements for free ports all over the world. That is, ports which can be used freely at all times by all the allies. I think that is going to be the answer.”10
Perhaps Roosevelt’s most realistic remark, also to Frances Perkins, was, “I don’t understand the Russians. I don’t know what makes them tick.”
Roosevelt framed his policy of “charming” Stalin into good will and good behavior with the close co-operation of Harry Hopkins. The latter was, after the President, the most powerful man in America during the war.
If he did not give even the vaguest idea what the money was to be spent for, or where, neither did he ever present any reports as to where it had been spent and in what amounts.
Hopkins had been a prominent figure throughout the New Deal. During the war years he rose to a status of unique power as the President’s chief confidential adviser. His influence with Roosevelt probably exceeded that of Colonel E. M. House with Wilson, if only because the President’s infirmity made him more dependent on a companion who would sit with him in periods of relaxation.
But his defects in the very high and responsible position which he held far outweighed his merits. He was profoundly ignorant in the field of foreign affairs. The very eulogistic biography of Robert E. Sherwood does not reveal in Hopkins any serious knowledge of such subjects as history, politics, and diplomacy.
Hopkins was not a Communist or a fellow traveler. In fact, he seems to have held no political or economic philosophy of any kind except a belief, at once naive and cynical, that Franklin D. Roosevelt should be kept in office indefinitely by a liberal expenditure of public funds. It has been disputed whether Hopkins made the statement:
It is interesting to note how consistently American policy, in small things as in large, was keyed to the objective of pleasing and “getting along” with Stalin. Roosevelt in 1943 remarked to the Polish Ambassador, Ciechanowski, “Harry gets along like a house afire with Stalin—in fact they seem to have become buddies.”12 Who was gaining from this Edition: current; Page: [[197]] fraternization, the Soviet Union or the United States, was a consideration that seems never to have disturbed Roosevelt’s mind.
Mikoyan was indeed soon to be proved right. General Deane sent a telegram to the Chiefs of Staff in Washington on January 16, 1944, suggesting that allocations of material in short supply in the United States should be made only on the recommendation of the American Military Mission in Moscow. General Marshall approved this suggestion. But, as Deane reports:
A letter from Deane to Marshall, dated December 2, 1944, reflects the atmosphere of one-sided appeasement which dominated American-Soviet relations until the end of the war:
Churchill came to America after Pearl Harbor, late in December 1941, and the secret informal British-American understanding which had existed for many months before the Japanese attack assumed more concrete form. A co-ordinating organ, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, with three American and three British representatives, was set up.
Both Stimson and Marshall were in favor of launching the cross-Channel invasion, first known under the code name BOLERO, in 1943. But Churchill, never enthusiastic over the project, won Roosevelt’s approval for the North African expedition in November 1942 and for the idea of limiting operations in 1943 to the Mediterranean area.
The Japanese Government was anxious to promote a Soviet-German peace, so that the full military power of the Axis could be employed Edition: current; Page: [[200]] against America and Great Britain. Josef Goebbels, in his diary for April 22, 1943, notes that “the Japanese have always tried hard to end the conflict between the Reich and the Soviet Union in one way or another. If this were possible in some way the war would assume a totally different aspect. Of course I don’t believe that such a possibility will arise in the foreseeable future.”18
This could be construed as a veiled intimation of what might happen if the United States and Great Britain should fail to acquiesce in Stalin’s desires for expansion in Eastern Europe. There is every reason to believe that pressure of this kind represented nothing but bluff. Stalin had far more to lose than the United States from a breakup of the wartime coalition. But the bluff was apparently not without effect.
Hopkins brought with him to the Quebec conference a curious and significant document, entitled “Russia’s Position.” It was attributed to “a very high level United States military strategic estimate.” In all probability it was endorsed by General Marshall. Its salient passages were as follows:
The conclusions from the foregoing are obvious. Since Russia is the decisive factor in the war, she must be given every assistance and every effort must be made to obtain her friendship. Likewise, Edition: current; Page: [[201]] since without question she will dominate Europe on the defeat of the Axis, it is even more essential to develop and maintain the most friendly relations with Russia.
Whoever prepared this document rendered a very bad service to his country. For, as Sherwood says, “this estimate was obviously of great importance as indicating the policy which guided the making of decisions at Teheran and, much later, at Yalta.”
But Stalin and Molotov made unusual attempts to conciliate and placate Hull in Moscow. By the time the conference was over, the venerable Tennessean had reached the conclusion that the Soviet leaders were pretty good fellows, after all. Any intention he may have cherished before going to Moscow of pressing for a showdown on the Polish question on the basis of the Atlantic Charter had evaporated.
Several considerations probably contributed to the marked weakening of Hull’s stand, in practice, for the moral principles which he was so fond of proclaiming in diplomatic communications. He possessed one characteristic of a man unsure of himself. He was abnormally sensitive to criticism. A number of American left-wing organs had been conducting a violent campaign against Hull as an anti-Soviet reactionary.21
Hull was desperately anxious to refute this criticism by proving that he could get along with the Soviet leaders. Stalin and Molotov seem to have taken his measure very quickly. They cheered the old man to the echo when he called for “a drumhead court-martial of Hitler and Mussolini and Tojo and their arch-accomplices” and for the hanging of all “instigators of the war.”
Stalin astonished and delighted Hull by assuring him that after the Allies succeeded in defeating Germany the Soviet Union would join in defeating Japan. After saying good-bye to Hull and walking away a few steps, Stalin walked back and shook hands again. This gesture seems to have made a considerable impression upon the Secretary. “I thought to myself,” he writes in retrospect, “that any American having Stalin’s personality and approach might well reach high public office in my own country.”22
Hull, as he tells us, was “truly thrilled” by the signature of the Four Nation Declaration which emerged from the Moscow conference. This Declaration was phrased in broad general terms. It contained no reference to the treatment of Poland, acid test of Soviet willingness to abide by the principles of the Atlantic Charter. Its most positive statement of intention was Article 4, worded as follows:
“No single event of the war,” he wrote, “irritated me more than seeing the President of the United States lifted from wheelchair to automobile, to ship, to shore and to aircraft in order to go halfway around the world as the only possible means of meeting J. V. Stalin.”24
There was another incident at one of the numerous banquets. Stalin proposed a toast to the execution of 50,000 German officers. Churchill objected to putting anyone to death without trial. Roosevelt tried to pour oil on troubled waters by suggesting a compromise: the execution of 49,000.
The young monarch sent a pathetic letter to Roosevelt, who inspired more hopes in the anti-Communist forces of Eastern Europe than he was willing or perhaps able to satisfy.29 The government, King Peter Edition: current; Page: [[208]] pleaded, could not abandon Mihailovic without betraying the people. “I would become a traitor to my people and to my army in Yugoslavia.” The King’s message continued:
Indeed, after the President returned to the United States, he expressed no reservations about the prospect of friendly co-operation with the Soviet dictator. Roosevelt announced in a broadcast on December 24, 1943:
“Emerging from these cordial conferences, we look with confidence to the day when all peoples of the world may live free lives, untouched by tyranny, and according to their varying desires and their own consciences.”
When the venerable Hull returned from Moscow, still feeling the warm pressure of Stalin’s repeated handshakes, he told a joint session of Congress on November 18, 1943, that he found in Marshal Stalin “a remarkable personality, one of the great statesmen and leaders of this age.” He also ventured the following optimistic but almost amusingly inaccurate prediction:
It was in the autumn of 1944 that Churchill’s comments on Anglo-Soviet relations were most optimistic. He would soon learn that no agreement for “sharing influence” in countries run by satellite Communist parties was worth anything.
Meanwhile, Soviet armies, benefiting from the ever increasing American flow of trucks, telephone equipment, canned food, and other lend-lease supplies, were streaming westward. They left behind them a trail of murder, rape, and pillage worthy of the hordes of Genghis Khan. And they were carving out for Stalin a mightier empire than any Tsar had ever ruled. The Red Star was very much in the ascendant when the second meeting of the Big Three took place, very appropriately, on Soviet soil, in the Crimean resort of Yalta.
The second conference of the Big Three, held at Yalta in February 1945, represented the high point of Soviet diplomatic success and correspondingly the low point of American appeasement. This conference took place under circumstances which were very disadvantageous to the western powers.
Roosevelt’s mental and physical condition had disquieted Stimson at the time when the Morgenthau Plan was being approved.1 It certainly did not improve as a result of the strenuous presidential campaign and the long trip to the Crimean resort.
An official who was in frequent contact with Roosevelt during the last months of his life gave me the following account of getting essential state papers considered:
Roosevelt went to Yalta with no prepared agenda and no clearly defined purpose, except to get along with Stalin at any price. He had been provided with a very complete file of studies and recommendations, drawn up by the State Department, before he boarded the heavy cruiser Quincy, which took him to Malta, where there was a break in the journey to the Crimea. But these were never looked at. The President suffered from a cold and from sinus trouble, and his appearance “disturbed” James F. Byrnes, who accompanied him on this trip.2
The conference at Yalta lasted a week, from February 4 until February 11, 1945. The principal subjects discussed were Poland, German boundaries and reparations, the occupation regime for Germany, the conditions of Soviet participation in the war against Japan, procedure and voting rights in the future United Nations organization.
There was agreement in principle that Germany should be broken up into separate states. However, no positive decision was adopted. The matter was referred to the European Advisory Commission, composed of American, British, and Soviet representatives sitting in London. Here it died a natural death. The dismemberment of Germany was not discussed at the next major conference, at Potsdam.
Churchill, discussing the same subject with Stalin, quoted the proverb: “The eagle should permit the small birds to sing and not care wherefore they sang.” Stalin’s low opinion of France, as a country that had been knocked out early in the war, was reflected in his remark: “I cannot forget that in this war France opened the gates to the enemy.”
Mr. Molotov stated that he had nothing to add to what he had said several days ago on the subject.
Mr. Eden inquired whether it would not be advisable to issue a communiqué on Iran.
Mr. Eden suggested that it be stated that the declaration on Iran had been reaffirmed and re-examined during the present meeting.
All this sounded fair enough. What is meant in practice was that two non-Communists, Subasic and Grol, joined Tito’s regime, the former as Foreign Minister, the latter as Vice-Premier. But their tenure of office was precarious and brief. Grol’s newspaper was suppressed, and he resigned from the government in August 1945, accusing the regime of a long series of violations of elementary political and civil liberties. Subasic followed his example soon afterwards and was placed under house arrest.
the former rights of Russia, violated by the treacherous attack of Japan in 1904,8 shall be restored, viz.:
(a) The southern part of Sakhalin as well as the islands adjacent to it shall be returned to the Soviet Union.
“The Heads of the three Great Powers have agreed that these claims Edition: current; Page: [[222]] of the Soviet Union shall be unquestioningly fulfilled after Japan has been defeated.”
In the opinion of former Ambassador William C. Bullitt “no more unnecessary, disgraceful and potentially disastrous document has ever been signed by a President of the United States.”9
Severe as this judgment sounds, it has been borne out by the course of subsequent events. The Soviet intervention in the Far Eastern war was of no military benefit to the United States, because it took place only a few days before Japan surrendered. Politically this intervention was an unmitigated disaster.
During the Soviet occupation of Manchuria industrial equipment of an estimated value of two billion dollars was looted and carried off to Russia. This delayed for a long time any prospect of Chinese industrial self-sufficiency. As soon as Soviet troops occupied Manchuria, Chinese Communist forces, as if by a mysterious signal, began to converge on that area.
Roosevelt’s concessions at Yalta represented an abandonment of the historic policy of the United States in the Far East. This policy was in favor of the “open door,” of equal commercial opportunity for all foreign nations, together with respect for Chinese independence. The American State Department had always been opposed to the “closed door” methods of Imperial Russia.
The Yalta concessions were a violation of the American pledge at Cairo that Manchuria should be restored to China. If New York State had been occupied by an enemy and was then handed back to the United States on condition that another alien power should have joint control of its railway systems, a predominant voice in the Port of New York Authority, and the right to maintain a naval base on Staten Island, most Americans would not feel that American sovereignty had been respected.
There was not one positive, worth-while contribution to European Edition: current; Page: [[224]] revival and stability in the sordid deals of Yalta, only imperialist power politics at its worst. The vindictive peace settlement, far worse than that of Versailles, which was being prepared promised little for European reconstruction. Roosevelt not long before had piously declared that “the German people are not going to be enslaved, because the United Nations do not traffic in human slavery.”10 But at Yalta he sanctioned the use of the slave labor of German war prisoners, a throwback to one of the most barbarous practices of antiquity.
Neither of these justifications stands up under serious examination. America in February 1945 was close to the peak of its military power. The atomic bomb still lay a few months in the future. But the United States possessed the most powerful navy in the world, the greatest aircraft production in quantity and quality, an army that, with its British and other allies, had swept the Germans from North Africa, France, Belgium, and much of Italy.
The lumbering Soviet offensive in the East was dependent in no small degree on lend-lease American trucks and communication equipment. There was, therefore, no good reason for approaching Stalin with an inferiority complex or for consenting to a Polish settlement which sacrificed the friends of the West in that country and paved the way for the establishment of a Soviet puppet regime.
Acceptance of this view by Roosevelt was especially unwarranted, because two days before he left for Yalta Roosevelt received from General MacArthur a forty-page message outlining five unofficial Japanese peace overtures which amounted to an acceptance of unconditional surrender, with the sole reservation that the Emperor should be preserved. The other terms offered by the Japanese, who were responsible men, in touch with Emperor Hirohito, may be summarized as follows:
2. Surrender of all arms and munitions.
4. Japanese relinquishment of Manchuria, Korea, and Formosa, as well as all territory seized during the war.
5. Regulation of Japanese industry to halt present and future production of implements of war.
7. Immediate release of all prisoners of war and internees in Japan and areas under Japanese control.
That the President, after receiving such a clear indication that Japan was on the verge of military collapse, should have felt it necessary to bribe Stalin into entering the Far Eastern war must surely be reckoned a major error of judgment, most charitably explained by Roosevelt’s failing mental and physical powers.12
I am convinced that had this document, later proven to be correct in every detail, been brought to the attention of President Roosevelt and his military advisers, the war might have been viewed in a different light, both Iwo Jima and Okinawa might have been avoided, and different decisions could have been reached at Yalta.13
Zacharias also believes that if the Japanese had been given a precise definition of what America understood by unconditional surrender as late as June, or even at the end of July 1945, both Soviet intervention and the dropping of atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki could have been averted.14
There was certainly no reason for self-congratulation on the part of any of the western representatives at Yalta. But human capacity for self-deception is strong. According to Robert E. Sherwood, “the mood of the American delegates, including Roosevelt and Hopkins, could be described as one of supreme exultation as they left Yalta.”15 And Hopkins later told Sherwood:
A chorus of hallelujahs went up from the less perspicacious politicians and publicists in the United States. Raymond Gram Swing perhaps took first prize for unqualified enthusiasm. He said: “No more appropriate news could be conceived to celebrate the birthday of Abraham Lincoln.” William L. Shirer saw in Yalta “a landmark in human history.” Senator Alben Barkley pronounced it “one of the most important steps ever taken to promote peace and happiness in the world.” In the face of such authoritative declarations the suicides of scores of “unknown Polish soldiers” in Italy, desperate over the betrayal of their country, received little attention.
And the Provisional Government authorities, backed up by Soviet military and police power, were rapidly making the Yalta promise of “free unfettered elections” an empty mockery. There were numerous arbitrary arrests. Freedom of the press was nonexistent. The historic Edition: current; Page: [[230]] Polish parties were dissolved and replaced by pro-Communist groups which stole their names. In order to conceal the reign of terror that was going on, foreigners were systematically excluded from Poland. There was long delay even in admitting representatives of UNRRA, interested in working out a program to meet the country’s urgent need for food, clothing, and other relief supplies.17
Roosevelt urged that American and British representatives be permitted to visit Poland. If there was no successful co-operation in solving the Polish question, he warned, “all the difficulties and dangers to Allied unity will face us in an even more acute form.” The President also referred to Rumania, suggesting that developments there fell within the terms of the Yalta declaration on liberated areas and requesting Stalin to examine personally the diplomatic exchanges which had taken place on this subject.19
These allegations are devoid of any shadow of probability. American policy toward Germany had been based on rigid adherence to the unconditional surrender formula and avoidance of any step that would have remotely suggested separate dealing with Germany.
Two well-known American journalists who saw Roosevelt separately in the last weeks of his life agree that he was both discouraged and indignant over what he regarded as breach of faith and lack of cooperative spirit on the Soviet side. He was considering, according to their reports, a fundamental re-examination of American policy toward the Soviet Union.
Mr. Truman was not predisposed in favor of appeasement and cherished no sentimental sympathy with communism. He gradually eliminated from his Administration extreme New Dealers and fellow travelers. But in the first months of office his hands were tied, partly by inexperience, partly because of reluctance to give the impression that Roosevelt’s friendly policy was being reversed. If a frank public statement setting forth the points at issue had been made, American public opinion would have been better prepared to support the government in a firmer attitude toward Moscow. But the feeling that nothing should disturb the outward show of harmony prevailed. Only an initiated few Edition: current; Page: [[233]] knew how sharp was the tone of the communications which had been passing between Washington and London and Moscow.
After Roosevelt’s death Churchill tried his hand at winning Stalin by a personal appeal. He sent a letter on April 29, in the last days of the war in Europe, addressing the Soviet Premier as “my friend” and begging him “not to underrate the divergences which are opening about matters which you may think are small, but which are symbolic of the way the English-speaking democracies look at life.”20
Neither could we recognize a Polish Government that did not truly correspond to the description in our joint declaration at Yalta, with proper regard for the rights of the individual as we understand these matters in the western world. . . .
But neither this letter nor Roosevelt’s earlier note moved Stalin one iota from his grand design of conquering as much of Europe as he could by the device of setting up not friendly, but vassal governments, run by obedient local Communists. The desire to keep up the pretense of friendship and co-operation with the Soviet Union caused the American and British Governments to neglect valuable political opportunities in the last weeks of the war. Churchill emphasized this point with regret in a speech of October 9, 1948.
The gulf which was opening between Asiatic Communist Russia and the western democracies, large and small, was already brutally obvious to the victorious War Cabinet of the national coalition Edition: current; Page: [[234]] even before Hitler was destroyed and the Germans laid down their arms. . . .
It would have been wiser and more prudent to have allowed the British Army to enter Berlin, as it could have done, and for the United States armored divisions to have entered Prague, which was a matter almost of hours.
Churchill, according to Eisenhower,21 was disturbed and disappointed because the plan did not call for a rapid sweep to Berlin ahead of the Russians by the British army on the left wing, under command of Field Marshal Montgomery. Churchill also felt that Eisenhower’s message to Stalin exceeded his authority to communicate with the Soviet ruler only on military matters.
“May I point out that Berlin itself is no longer a particularly important objective. Its usefulness to the German has been largely destroyed and even his government is preparing to move to another area.”22
Eisenhower is convinced in retrospect that the western allies could probably have obtained an agreement to occupy more of Germany.23 Despite his refusal to press for Berlin, despite his acceptance of an urgent Soviet request not to let American troops move on to Prague, western troops were far to the east of the agreed demarcation line when the fighting stopped with the German surrender on May 8. A considerable area in Saxony and Thuringia was evacuated and handed over to the Russians.
Eisenhower’s view that the United States Government should stand by its bargain,24 even though it proved to be a bad one on the demarcation line, would have been quite reasonable if the Soviet Government had carried out its obligations. But this important condition was not fulfilled. In the short interval of time between the Yalta Conference and the German surrender, there had been repeated Soviet violations of the Yalta agreements.
There would, therefore, have been full moral and political justification for checking Stalin’s designs. Berlin and Prague would have been invaluable pawns for this purpose.
An agreement was worked out on June 29. But the ability of the Soviet military authorities to impose a blockade upon the western sectors of Berlin in 1948 shows that it could scarcely be considered satisfactory. There were provisions for an air corridor for western planes and for a single railway line and a highway from Magdeburg to Berlin to be placed at the disposal of the non-Russian occupation powers.
Stalin got his way on every important European postwar issue, with one exception. This was the disposition of the port of Trieste. Some of Tito’s Partisans forced their way into that city together with a New Zealand unit which belonged to the Allied forces in Italy, under the command of Marshal Sir Harold Alexander. The Partisans created a reign of terror. Thousands of Trieste citizens who were obnoxious to them disappeared, to be seen no more. But they were not allowed to take over the city. Marshal Alexander gave out this challenging statement:
Our policy, publicly proclaimed, is that territorial changes should be made only after thorough study and after full consultation and deliberation between the various governments concerned.
It is, however, Marshal Tito’s apparent intention to establish his claims by force of arms and military occupation. Action of this kind would be all too reminiscent of Hitler, Mussolini and Japan. It is to prevent such action that we have been fighting this war.
The American and British Governments backed up Alexander, and Tito finally withdrew his forces. Trieste, with its 70 per cent Italian population, was preserved as one of the outposts of the West in a Europe that was becoming increasingly divided by the line of the iron curtain.
Roosevelt in the last weeks of his life was certainly shaken, if not altogether disillusioned, in his great expectations of Stalin’s co-operation. But Harry Hopkins seems to have remained naive and self-deluded to the bitter end. On this point we have the testimony of a sketchy memorandum which he wrote in August 1945, shortly before his death.
We know or believe that Russia’s interests, so far as we can anticipate them, do not afford an opportunity for a major difference with us in foreign affairs. We believe we are mutually dependent upon each other for economic reasons. We find the Russians as individuals easy to deal with.25 The Russians undoubtedly like the American people. They like the United States. . . .
The Soviet Union is made up of 180 million hardworking proud people. They are not an uncivilized people. They are a tenacious, determined people, who think just like [sic] you and I do.26
The secretary of some branch of the Council of American-Soviet Friendship could scarcely have pronounced a judgment more dismally lacking in intelligent anticipation of the shape of things to come. And this man, as ignorant of foreign languages as of history and political and economic theory, was, after Roosevelt, the main architect of America’s disastrous foreign policy.
Unfortunately the judgments and recommendations of these trained experts were often brushed aside. Roosevelt preferred the opinions of his court favorites, inexperienced amateurs, dilettantes, wishful thinkers. It is, after all, not difficult to be a wishful thinker on a subject of which one has no real knowledge.
One might have supposed that an alert public opinion would have warded off some of the moral inconsistencies and political blunders which have been described in preceding chapters. Of course, complete freedom of speech is never maintained in time of war. Father Coughlin’s magazine, Social Justice, for example, was harassed into extinction. There were a few convictions for sedition, notably of some members of a Trotskyite group in Minneapolis and of a few obscure and politically illiterate anti-Semitic fanatics.
That the aims of the Soviet Government were above suspicion and reproach, that Russia had been wronged by the democracies in the past, that Soviet communism was just another form of democracy—these and similar ideas were constantly proclaimed under the most respectable auspices. They became the stock-in-trade of influential lecturers and radio commentators. Governors, judges, clergymen, and other eminent citizens joined Communist-front organizations.
Some of this American wartime psychology was a product of sympathy for the achievements of the Red Army in fighting off the Wehrmacht. But its full scope and intensity are only understandable if one remembers that sympathy with communism had long been an occupational disease of many American intellectuals, not of the majority, of course, but of a very active and articulate minority.
One heard much before and during the war of Hitler’s fifth column in America. But when there were attempts to expose this supposedly formidable threat to American national unity, one got only the names of a few obscure crackpots of whom the vast majority of Americans had never heard. It would have been impossible for an avowed Nazi sympathizer to have published an article in a magazine of national circulation or to have delivered regular radio broadcasts.
“This is a fight between a free world and a slave world,” Wallace began, conveniently forgetting about the millions of slaves in Soviet concentration camps. “The peoples,” he continued, “are on the march toward even fuller freedom than the most fortunate peoples of the world have hitherto enjoyed.” This could hardly be considered an accurate forecast of postwar conditions behind the Iron Curtain. Then the orator, intoxicated with his flights of fantasy, proceeded to utter perhaps the crowning absurdity of the speech:
“The object of this war is to make sure that everybody in the world has the privilege of drinking a quart of milk a day.”
So, out of a war of unprecedented destruction, certain to lower, not Edition: current; Page: [[244]] raise the living standards of the vanquished and of many of the victors as well, there was to gush, by some miracle, an endless stream of free milk. Wallace insisted that the peace must mean a better standard of living not only in the Allied countries, but in Germany, Japan, and Italy.
The mental level of the “quart of milk” speech may be judged from the following excerpts:
It is reasonable to assume that Communists and Communist sympathizers found a hearty welcome in any agency where Wallace was influential, Edition: current; Page: [[245]] for he pronounced the judgment on one occasion that the “few Communists” he knew had been very good Americans.
Willkie found that the war was, “in Mr. Stalin’s phrase, a war of liberation.” Russia, he assured his readers, would neither eat us nor seduce us. Without benefit of knowledge of the Russian language, he brought back the news that Russians exchange ideas in private conversation almost as freely as we do. And he offered the following blueprint for peace:
To win the peace three things seem to me necessary. First, we must plan for peace now on a world basis; second, the world must be free, politically and economically, for nations and men, that peace may exist in it; third, America must play an active, constructive part in freeing it and keeping its peace.8
But political and cultural barriers had risen faster than the speed of airplanes had increased. There was far more opportunity for unhampered travel, although by slower means of communication, before the First World War than one found either before or after the Second. There were infinitely more possibilities of cultural communion between Russian, German, Polish, British, French, and American scholars and intellectuals before the chilly blasts of totalitarian thought control blew over the European continent.
PS. The above remarks are made with apologies to the apes.
This is an exhibit of intellectual war profiteering which is just as familiar and just as obnoxious as the financial type. Writers of mediocre detective stories and specialists in literary criticism transformed themselves overnight into “authorities” on German and Japanese history, politics, economics, and psychology. The ranks of the intellectual war profiteers were swelled by eccentric poets, would-be philosophical moralists, ex-sports writers who professed to know all the answers in European politics, and some college professors.
However, the besetting weakness of most educated Americans who discussed war issues was not vindictiveness, but rather a kind of straw-chopping futility. Scores of individuals and many groups under the auspices of churches and universities worked out unimpeachable schemes for “just and durable peace,” based on the ideals of the Atlantic Charter.
“He was born in a tribal society in the remote Caucasian mountains. . . . His tribe was ruled by feudal princes. . . . In his childhood the masses of the people of Greater Russia were serfs who could be beaten by their masters and even sold from one landowner to another.”
“One half of all arable land—some people estimated it at 70%—belonged to a few hundred great lords, the Tsar and the Church; the rest was divided among sixteen million peasant families, owning an average of six to eight acres.”
Similar examples of gross inaccuracy could be multiplied indefinitely. I made a collection of a few dozen which appeared in print over a short period of time. A research bureau could have filled a book with specimens of factual blunders in writing about Russia. Some of this was the result of ignorance, carelessness, and the American national vice of writing too much too quickly.
But there was a vast amount of deliberate slanting of American public opinion in a pro-Soviet direction. One publisher suggested that all books containing criticisms of any of the United Nations should be combed out of publishing lists and destroyed. Fortunately this proposal, which would have eclipsed the Nazi book-burnings, was not put into effect.
But an unwritten censorship operated against the publication of books containing material which might be offensive to the Soviet Government. Trotsky’s biography of Stalin was held back after review copies had been sent out. There was a vast hue and cry, sponsored by trade unions and other organizations where Communist influence was strong, against the publication of a novel, The Fifth Seal, by the Russian émigré writer Mark Aldanov. This essentially nonpolitical novel, Edition: current; Page: [[249]] dealing with the lives of Russians outside the Soviet Union, had been selected by the Book-of-the-Month Club.
Here was convincing evidence that the objector had not even read the book before joining in the party-line demand for its suppression. For there was no “Georgian renegade” among its characters.
Far from being a one-sided tirade of abuse, as might have been imagined from some of the reviews, the book recognized every important fact that could fairly be cited in favor of the Soviet regime. White found the Russians superb artists and good farmers. He had high praise for the absence of discrimination against non-Russian nationalities. Stalin, in his opinion, was a great man.
But what aroused the fury of many reviewers of the book was the author’s frank, unsparing description of such negative sides of Soviet life Edition: current; Page: [[250]] as police terror, widespread employment of slave labor, gross discrepancy in the living standards of the higher bureaucrats and the masses of the people, and general poverty and backwardness. All these allegations were supported by a mass of corroborating evidence.
“I have never known a case where a publisher came in for so many brickbats and so much name-calling, merely because we stand for the principle of free speech. Many of those who were loud in condemnation of the Nazis for burning books were equally loud in screaming to us: burn this one.”
I have dwelt at some length on this incident because it furnishes such clear proof of the mental subservience of many American intellectuals during the war to a foreign power, and to a totalitarian dictatorship at that. A muddled philosophy that might be called totalitarian liberalism came into fashion, with the Nation, the New Republic, and the newspaper PM as its main exponents. There was a tremendous revival of the prewar double standard of morals in judging those twin phenomena, communism and fascism.
But there was no indication of when and where the United States, even before the inauguration of the good-neighbor policy, had deported from their homes and sent to forced labor vast numbers of Latin Americans, thereby matching the Soviet record in the occupation of Eastern Poland and the Baltic states.
Here was the totalitarian liberal’s dream: a kind of amalgam of the New Deal with Soviet communism. And if one reviews the wartime writings, speeches, and actions of some extreme proponents of this viewpoint, one may well wonder in which war they were more concerned, Roosevelt’s war or Stalin’s war.
The movies, in the Second Crusade as in the First, were a potent source of emotional propaganda. Germans and Japanese provided natural villains in many run-of-the-mill war films. Hollywood also made its contribution to pro-Soviet propaganda.
Another film which enjoyed tremendous promotion was Mission to Moscow, a distorted version of a highly superficial book by the former American Ambassador to the Soviet Union Joseph E. Davies. The occasional notes of criticism which could be found in the book were carefully eliminated in the film.
“While this picture [Mission to Moscow] was criticized for the dramatic license it took with certain facts, it was an extremely useful film in that it gave a fundamentally sympathetic portrayal of our Soviet allies.”
In other words, any lie was good in such a good propaganda cause.
The pro-Soviet cult during the war was not the result of any marked growth of popularity for avowed Communist organs. The important factor was the willingness, amazing in retrospect, of some well-known established magazines to take an uncritical pro-Soviet line.
But from the middle of 1942 until the end of 1945 nothing appeared in the Atlantic Monthly that could not have passed a severe Soviet censorship. During that period it published five articles on Russia and the closely related subject of Poland. Three of these were by Anna Louise Strong, who made no secret of her passionate emotional sympathy with communism. One was by Raymond Gram Swing, whose role will be discussed later. The other was by Max Lerner, leading editorial writer on PM, whose familiar practice was to cry down any criticism of Soviet actions as a sinister plot to start another world war.
Publication of these articles elicited a good many letters of criticism. The magazine printed two of these with an editorial note to the effect that “it is the Atlantic tradition to hear from both sides of a bitterly contested issue.” There was no explanation as to why nothing on the Polish nationalist side had ever appeared. And the commendable principle of “hearing from both sides” was to receive very peculiar application in practice.
It is easy to say, but it is not true, that the Allies of today may be the enemies of tomorrow. . . . Our present alliance against Germany is no temporary contraption. It is an alignment of nations which, despite many disputes, much suspicion and even short and local wars, like the Crimean, have for more than a century been natural allies.
It is not a coincidence that Britain and Russia have found themselves allied ever since the rise of German imperial aggression; that the United States and Russia, under the Tsars and under the Soviets, have always in vital matters been on the same side. . . .
This is an example of bad reasoning, supported by bad history. For it is quite inaccurate to assert that the United States, Great Britain, Russia, and China behaved toward each other like natural allies for more than a century. Great Britain was repeatedly involved in conflict with China and was long regarded by Chinese nationalists as the spearhead of western imperialist aggression. Russia pushed into Chinese territory in Manchuria and Outer Mongolia.
The United States and Russia have not always been on the same side in vital matters. American diplomatic support and sympathy were for Japan, not for Russia, at the time of the Russo-Japanese War. America repeatedly clashed with Russia on the Open Door issue in Manchuria.
Moreover, it was extremely short-sighted to assume that Soviet behavior after all checks and balances in Europe and Asia had been removed by the smashing of Germany and Japan would be the same as Soviet behavior when confronted by a preponderance of anti-Communist power.
Lippmann occasionally recognized that communism was a disturbing element in international relations. In his U.S. War Aims (Boston: Little, 1944) he suggests wistfully that it would be nice if the Soviet regime would begin to carry out the democratic promises of its constitution. As he had never spent any appreciable amount of time in Russia, he could perhaps not be expected to understand the extreme unlikelihood, or rather, impossibility, of such a development.
The same pro-Soviet influence that affected American public opinion was noticeable in the activity of some war agencies. A surprising number of individuals who worked in these agencies seem to have cherished divided loyalties. Sometimes their devotion was obviously to the Kremlin.
The manipulation of public opinion at home and abroad in time of war is a necessary but delicate task. It should be entrusted only to individuals of proved patriotism. But the OWI (Office of War Information) was riddled with fellow travelers, many of them persons of foreign birth with political pasts strongly suggestive of Communist sympathies and Edition: current; Page: [[258]] affiliations. As the Polish Ambassador to the United States during the war, Jan Ciechanowski, writes:
Some of the new war agencies actively conducted what could only be termed pro-Soviet propaganda.
The OWI was not supposed to exercise domestic censorship. But a suggestion from one of its offices caused the editor of a popular magazine to make changes, without the author’s knowledge, in an accepted article. The changes were designed to justify Soviet annexation of the Baltic states.
Again and again, in the years after the war, I have noticed articles critical of American and favorable to Soviet policy, signed by former employees of the OWI. Certainly the obvious concentration of Soviet sympathizers in that key agency suggests grave negligence, if not design, in the matter of personnel selection.
OWI was not unique. The State Department, the OSS, and other agencies had their quotas of “bad security risks.” Even before the war Soviet agents were able to obtain a large number of confidential State Department documents. This was proved by microfilm copies of these documents which Whittaker Chambers, a repentant ex-Communist agent, produced from his pumpkin hiding place.
Had this scheme, with its inevitable consequence, the death by starvation of millions of Germans, been put into operation, it would have been a political godsend to Stalin. In such a case Germany would most probably have turned to communism in sheer despair. So it is possible that other motives besides the desire to inflict vengeance on the German people for Nazi crimes helped to inspire this blueprint for destruction.
An attitude of strong distrust of Mr. Henry A. Wallace, the Vice-President of the United States during the war years, is reflected in an interview which General Leslie Groves, director of the Manhattan project, gave to the Associated Press. This interview went as follows:
a. Yes. I didn’t show them to him after showing him one in the fall of 1943.
q. Would they normally have been shown to Mr. Wallace in his position as a member of the President’s Special Committee on Atomic Energy?
a. Normally they would have gone to him, but they didn’t.Edition: current; Page: [[261]]
q. Was there any special reason for not showing them to him?
q. Would you consider this a deliberate withholding of information to Mr. Wallace?
q. Was there any special reason for not showing Mr. Wallace the secret reports?
a. We took a number of deliberate risks on security matters in an effort to bring the war to a quicker end, but we took no unnecessary recognizable risks.13 [Italics supplied.]
This is probably the first time since the days of Aaron Burr when a Vice-President of the United States has been stigmatized as a “poor security risk.”
There were strong fellow-traveler influences at work in shaping American policy in the Far East. This important fact should not be obscured by the obvious exaggerations which may be found in the charges of Senator Joseph McCarthy about Communist infiltration of the State Department.
“The Soviet Union stands for strategic security, economic prosperity, technological progress, miraculous medicine, free education, equality of opportunity, and democracy: a powerful combination.”14
The publisher’s jacket on this book sums up its essential message as follows: “He shows that all the Asiatic peoples are more interested in actual democratic practices, such as the ones they can see in action across the Russian border, than they are in the fine theories of Anglo-Saxon democracies which come coupled with ruthless imperialism.”
One may reasonably feel that if Mr. Lattimore is really an anti-Communist, he has been very successful in concealing this fact in his published writings. Indeed there has been a remarkable, if accidental, parallelism between his recommendations on American policy in the Far East and the aims of the Kremlin. The principal points in a memorandum which Lattimore presented to the State Department in the autumn of 1949 may be summarized as follows:
1. The United States should withdraw from Korea.
When Jaffe was brought to trial, the government prosecutor made no attempt to prove his long record of association with pro-Communist Edition: current; Page: [[264]] organizations, although this might well have been a motive for his unauthorized collecting of government papers. According to Senator Bourke Hickenlooper, of Iowa, a member of the subcommittee which investigated the Amerasia case, some of the stolen documents were of the highest importance, including the location of American submarines in the Pacific at that time and a highly confidential message from Roosevelt to Chiang Kai-shek.15
On the basis of what is known beyond reasonable doubt, however, it may be said that in no previous war was the United States so plagued with infiltration of government agencies and warping of policies in the interest of a foreign power. A number of factors combined to produce this undesirable result.
All this created an atmosphere in which public opinion placed no effective brake on mistaken Administration policies, in which Soviet agents and propagandists, native and foreign, found it very easy to operate.
One wonders what would have happened if the British Government, when offering its guarantee against aggression to the Polish Government in the spring of 1939, had said:
“You must understand that this guarantee applies only against Germany. If the Soviet Union proposes to take almost half of your territory and impose on what is left of Poland a Communist-dominated government, you cannot count on our help. On the contrary, we will make no serious effort to prevent the Soviet Government from accomplishing these designs and will even support its case against yours.”
The betrayal of Poland was the crudest and most flagrant of the three, if only because Poland was the pretense for the whole crusade. Therefore this betrayal will be examined in detail, as a symbol of what went wrong with a war that was being waged ostensibly for national self-determination and against aggression.
During the period 1939-41, when Poland was partitioned between the Nazi and Soviet regimes, both these dictatorships did everything in Edition: current; Page: [[268]] their power to stamp out Polish national consciousness. The Nazis expelled Poles from cities like Gdynia and Poznan and from some regions which were marked for German colonization. They closed universities and higher schools. They were ruthless in dealing with every sign of resistance and sent large numbers of Poles to concentration camps, where many perished. Especially terrible was the planned extermination of the Jews. Most of the large Jewish population of Poland had been destroyed by the end of the war.
The Soviet masters of Eastern Poland did not resort to this maniacal policy of exterminating a whole ethnic group. But on every other count they equalled and sometimes exceeded the brutalities of the Nazis. They systematically arrested and in some cases killed individuals who were associated with political activity: leaders of Polish, Ukrainian, and Jewish organizations, members of the Diet, judges, intellectuals. They carried off about 1,200,000 persons in mass deportations to Russia. Most of the deportees were sent to slave-labor camps.
The deportations were carried out with revolting cruelty. Villages were surrounded by soldiers and police. People were rounded up and thrown like cattle into unheated freight cars. On the long trips, there was an appalling lack of food, water, and sanitary facilities. When Polish representatives were able to carry out investigations in Russia, it was found that about one-fourth of the deportees had perished as a result of hardships on the trips and maltreatment in concentration camps.2
Communism had never been strong in Poland, even among the industrial workers. It was closely linked in the people’s memory with Edition: current; Page: [[271]] the hated Russian rule. The Polish Communist party was so weak and so torn by factional strife that it was dissolved by the Communist International in 1937.
There were significant omissions in this instrument. There was no specific Soviet recognition of the 1939 Polish frontier. Sikorski tried hard to obtain this, but in vain. Several members of his cabinet felt so strongly on this subject that they resigned. There was strong British pressure to get the agreement signed, and Foreign Secretary Eden, in a note of July 30, assured Sikorski that “His Majesty’s Government do not recognize any territorial changes which have been effected in Edition: current; Page: [[272]] Poland since August 1939.” This was to prove a very brittle and short-lived assurance.
Sikorski went to Russia at the beginning of December 1941. Stalin gave him a hospitable reception. After discussing the common war effort and the details of forming the Polish Army in Russia, Stalin raised the question of the Polish eastern boundary. He suggested that he would be satisfied with “very slight” alterations. Sikorski flatly refused to discuss any change and the subject was dropped.
The British might well have given way if the State Department had not interposed an attitude of uncompromising opposition. Hull suggested that if the treaty contained the proposed territorial provisions, the United States might issue a separate statement of repudiation. The British then altered their viewpoint. The treaty, a twenty-year alliance, was signed on May 26 without territorial commitments.
The subsequent political history of the war might have been different if Roosevelt and Hull had maintained this firm attitude. This they conspicuously failed to do. But the American position, as stated by the President and the Secretary of State at this time, is the most decisive condemnation of the subsequent surrenders at Teheran and Yalta. Obviously Soviet demands which were considered inadmissible and inconsistent with the Atlantic Charter in 1942, did not become more justified with the passing of years.
A further step in the same direction was taken on January 16, 1943, when the Soviet Government extended its earlier ruling that Ukrainians, Byelorussians, and Jews born in the eastern provinces of Poland were Soviet citizens, to include people of Polish ethnic origin. All these provocations were hushed up by the Polish embassies abroad under strong pressure from the American and British governments.
The final blow fell on April 25, 1943, when the Soviet Government cynically used the discovery of a crime, almost certainly committed by its own agents, as an excuse for breaking off relations with the Polish Government. This action followed a German statement that thousands of bodies of Polish officers, killed by shots in the back of the head, had been discovered in the Katyn Forest, near the town of Smolensk in western Russia.
The Polish Government, in a declaration of April 17, asked for an International Red Cross investigation of the affair. This declaration emphasized that the Germans themselves had committed many atrocities and denied the right of the Germans “to pose as the defenders of Christianity and western civilization.”
The appeal for a Red Cross investigation was used by the Soviet Government as an excuse for breaking off diplomatic relations. This cleared the way for building up a puppet government for Poland, recruited from refugee Communists and other Poles willing to accept Soviet dictation.
Behind the Polish request for an investigation lay almost two years Edition: current; Page: [[276]] of unsuccessful effort to penetrate a very sinister mystery. There were about one hundred eighty thousand prisoners of war in Russia in 1939, including some ten thousand officers. Only a few hundred of these officers were found among the masses of Poles who were released after Hitler’s invasion of Russia. Many thousands had vanished without a trace.
There were many Polish official inquiries. There was no Soviet official reply to the effect that the officers had been left in a prison camp, abandoned at the time of the German invasion. This version was only thought of when the corpses were discovered.
1. The Soviet Government never took the opportunity to place responsibility for the fate of the officers on the Germans by stating that the prison camp had been abandoned until the bodies were discovered. Soviet replies to repeated Polish inquiries were invariably evasive.
2. All letters from the imprisoned officers to their families ceased not in 1941, but in the spring of 1940.
3. Neither the Soviet Government nor the Communist-dominated regime in Poland made any attempt to establish German responsibility for this crime after the end of the war.
4. It is most improbable, if not impossible, that all the Polish officers would have waited passively to be captured by the Germans if the camp had been abandoned, according to the Soviet version. The completeness of the massacre suggests that there was no confusion, no opportunity for some of the victims to escape.
General Sikorski lost his life in an airplane accident in July 1943. He was succeeded as Prime Minister by Stanislaw Mikolajczyk, leader of the Peasant party.
A stoppage or suggestive slowing down of lend-lease shipments would probably have produced more courteous language and a more accommodating attitude. But this, as Hull tells us, was a suggestion which neither he nor the President entertained for a moment. The psychology of the rabbit vis-à-vis the boa constrictor continued to prevail. The more Stalin insulted the western leaders, the more they endeavored to placate him.
“After all,” he said, “six or seven million Germans have been killed already in this frightful war. . . .16 Moreover we must expect that many more Germans will be killed in the fighting which will occupy the spring and summer.”
“These ideals,” said Churchill, “arose at the Teheran conference.” And in the same speech, the British Prime Minister gave a clear characterization of the President’s silent complicity in this colossal repudiation of the Atlantic Charter, to which Roosevelt, Churchill, and Stalin continued to pay lip service.
Here is a clear indication of the distribution of roles. Churchill was the outright executioner of Poland’s territorial integrity and political independence. Roosevelt was the Pontius Pilate who tried to wash his hands of the whole affair. The President avoided any blunt statement Edition: current; Page: [[281]] or direct commitment that might have alienated the important Polish-American vote in the United States. But the spirit of 1942, when there was outspoken and successful American opposition to the recognition of Soviet annexationist claims, was gone.
The venerable Hull hopefully told a joint session of Congress on November 18, 1943, after his return from Moscow:
“There will no longer be need for spheres of influence, for alliances, for balance of power, or any other of the special arrangements through which, in the unhappy past, the nations strove to safeguard their security or to promote their interests.”
Prime Minister Mikolajczyk found it impossible to accept these proposals. More than territorial dismemberment was at stake. For when the United States Government, on January 19, 1944, offered mediation with a view to restoring Soviet-Polish diplomatic relations, the Soviet reply, which rejected mediation, offered the following insidious suggestion:
The Red Army advanced deep into Poland during the first half of 1944. Polish underground forces harassed the Germans and rendered considerable help in the capture of Lwów and Wilno. At first the leaders of these units were thanked, praised, and sometimes decorated by the Red Army commanders. Later they were usually arrested, deported, shot, or hanged. There was a vast and ruthless purge of all known enemies of communism.
“Poles, the time of liberation is at hand! Poles, to arms! Make every Edition: current; Page: [[283]] Polish home a stronghold against the invader! There is not a moment to lose!”18
What followed was one of the most heroic and tragic episodes of the war. For two months this guerrilla army, with the enthusiastic support of the Warsaw population, without tanks, airplanes, or heavy artillery, fought against strong and well-equipped German units. The city of Warsaw was completely demolished in the process.
Stalin had promised Mikolajczyk that he would do all in his power to help the Home Army. At the same time the Soviet dictator tried to extort from Mikolajczyk acceptance of the loss of East Poland and consent to be prime minister in a cabinet in which four of eighteen members would be Communists or Communist sympathizers.19
With the endorsement of his Cabinet in London, Mikolajczyk offered counterproposals to Stalin’s inacceptable suggestions in Moscow. Some modification of the eastern frontier, without giving up Lwów and Wilno, was admitted. It was also proposed to admit three representatives of the Communist party, along with three delegates from each of the four main political parties, into a Polish provisional government.
On the other hand, given the Soviet record, the deportations, the Katyn massacre, the incitation and betrayal of the Warsaw uprising, the growing support for a puppet communist regime, there was little chance that Poland’s independence could be saved by the sacrifice of its eastern provinces. However, Mikolajczyk and some of his political associates in the Peasant party believed that the chance, however slight, must be grasped, that they should return to Poland at any price.
Despite pleas for delay from Roosevelt, Stalin recognized his own creation, the Polish Committee of National Liberation, as the provisional government of Poland on January 5, 1945. From this time the Soviet Government took the position that this regime, which was completely Edition: current; Page: [[287]] dependent on Moscow for its support and its very existence, was the legitimate government of Poland.
The Polish issue figured prominently in the discussions at the Yalta Conference of the Big Three. This conference is described in more detail in Chapter 10. The agreement on Poland conceded the substance of Stalin’s demands, while it contained a few face-saving phrases, designed to win the approval of western public opinion. The text of this agreement was as follows:
The phrases about free and unfettered elections, universal suffrage, and secret ballot looked well on paper. But with the Red Army in military occupation of Poland and Soviet secret police operatives all over that country, there was only one chance of assuring that these phrases would bear any relation to realities. This would have been the presence of numerous American and British observers. But every effort was made to exclude such observers during the decisive period when the new regime was consolidating its power.
There was soon to be a dramatic illustration of the Soviet attitude toward “democratic Poles in Poland.” Sixteen prominent Polish underground leaders, relying on the “word of honor” of a Soviet police officer, Colonel Pimenov, who assured them safe conduct, came out of hiding for consultation with the Soviet authorities. They were promptly arrested and taken to Moscow for trial on charges of having carried on diversionist activities in the rear of the Red Army.
And the man who, after Roosevelt, was most responsible for the policy of giving in to Stalin on every disputed point, Harry Hopkins, was sent to Moscow to straighten things out. Hopkins fulfilled this mission in his usual fashion, by accepting all Stalin’s assurances at face value and giving the Soviet dictator everything he wanted.
The result was that Mikolajczyk and a few Poles from abroad were given minor posts in the new government. Hopkins brushed off the reproach of a friend for having consented to such an unfair arrangement with the remark: “After all, what does it matter? The Poles are like the Irish. They are never satisfied with anything anyhow.”24 Polish independence had been murdered, and there was a general desire in Administration circles to get the corpse buried with as little unseemly fuss as possible.
As a State Department official said to Ambassador Ciechanowski: “The Polish problem had to be settled because it had become an impossible headache.” And on July 5, 1945, the great betrayal was finally consummated. The United States Government withdrew its recognition of the Polish Government in London and formally recognized Stalin’s regime in Warsaw.
Despite the abandonment of Poland by the western powers, there was a prolonged guerrilla struggle during 1946 and 1947, with substantial losses on both sides. Several Polish underground organizations kept up the fight during these years, and Ukrainian partisans were active in southeastern Poland. This guerrilla movement later subsided because of the impossibility of getting arms from abroad.
It is not true that Roosevelt and Churchill had no alternative to appease Stalin by sacrificing Poland and on other issues. But if this hypothesis were accepted as valid, what a revealing light is shed upon the futility and hypocrisy of the whole crusade, supposedly for freedom and international righteousness!
Roosevelt first publicly used the phrase “unconditional surrender” at a press conference in Casablanca on January 23, 1943. It was apparently a product of scrambled history and very questionable political strategy. General Ulysses S. Grant during the Civil War won national fame by demanding “immediate and unconditional surrender” from the Confederate commander who was defending Fort Donelson. This was a localized military operation.
“Of course it’s just the thing for the Russians. They couldn’t want anything better. Unconditional Surrender, Uncle Joe might have made it up himself.”3
The phrase was discussed during a debate in the House of Commons on July 21, 1949. Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin, who was a member of the British War Cabinet, blamed this slogan for the difficulties of occupation policy in Germany:
It may be doubted whether it was as unrehearsed as this version would indicate. A foreign diplomat stationed in Washington during the war has informed me that Roosevelt tried out the phrase on him some weeks before the Casablanca conference took place. Apparently the President was enormously proud of his creation. He refused to qualify, moderate, or even explain it despite the repeated efforts of General Eisenhower to obtain authorization for some message which would make the Germans more willing to lay down their arms.6
Eisenhower, in May 1943 on the eve of the invasion of Sicily, reported to the Combined Chiefs of Staff that he did not have the right kind of ammunition for psychological warfare with Italy. As his aide, Captain Harry C. Butcher, reports,
Stalin did not fall in with the “unconditional surrender” slogan. The Soviet dictator pursued a much wilier and more intelligent political strategy. He made two public statements in 1943 which could easily be construed as invitations to the Germans to conclude a separate peace, with the understanding that their national integrity and military force would be spared. Stalin declared on February 23, 1943:
Stalin made another bid, on November 6, 1943, this time to elements in the German Army which might be willing to rebel against the Nazi party. By this time the Germans were in full retreat and had withdrawn beyond the line of the Dnieper River.
The principle of Unconditional Surrender will be adhered to so far as Nazi Germany and Japan are concerned, and that principle itself wipes away the danger of anything like Mr. Wilson’s Fourteen Points being brought up by the Germans after their defeat, claiming that they surrendered in consideration of them. . . . There is no question of Germany enjoying any guaranty that she will not undergo territorial changes, if it should seem that the making of such changes renders more secure and more lasting the peace of Europe.
There were a number of efforts by generals, by psychological warfare experts, by the British, to obtain a definition of what “unconditional surrender” meant. All foundered on the rock of Roosevelt’s stubborn opposition. The United States Joint Chiefs of Staff set up a committee of intelligence officers to study the subject.
This committee on March 16, 1944, recommended the issue of an American-British-Soviet statement reaffirming the principle of “unconditional surrender,” but clarifying its meaning. The proposed statement would announce that, while the Allies proposed to prevent future German aggression, they would not wipe out Germany as a nation. There would be punishment for war criminals, but no indiscriminate penalization of the German masses. Germany’s co-operation would be needed in the future peace.
Roosevelt’s reply on April 1 was an uncompromising negative. He was unwilling to say that the Allies did not intend to destroy the German nation. “As long as the word Reich exists in Germany as expressing a nationhood,” he declared, “it will forever be associated with the present form of nationhood. If we admit that, we must seek to eliminate the word Reich and all that it stands for today.”10
It is a matter of complete indifference whether, in the course of executing their plans of destruction, the Americans wish to destroy our Edition: current; Page: [[301]] tools, machinery and factories, or whether the Bolsheviks want to take them, along with our workers, to Siberia. From neither enemy can we expect any mercy or protection whatsoever if we deliver ourselves up to them.11
The judgment of an experienced British statesman, Lord Hankey, on the “unconditional surrender” slogan and its corollary, the war-crimes trials, is summed up as follows:
It is difficult to recognize a single desirable war or peace objective that was advanced by the Casablanca slogan. And it is easy to discern several unfortunate by-products of this shoddy substitute for intelligent political warfare.
First, the diplomatic position of the western powers was seriously worsened vis-à-vis the Soviet Union. Stalin did not associate himself with the phrase until the later phases of the war. He certainly did what he could in 1943 to induce the German military leaders to rebel and conclude a separate peace.
Second, by supplying the powerful motive of fear to Nazi propagandists, the slogan prolonged the war and made it more savage and costly. Tens of thousands of American and British lives were sacrificed on the altar of this vainglorious phrase. “Unconditional surrender” was also a fearful stumbling block in winding up the war with Japan. Had it been amplified by reasonable explanations, two most undesirable developments, the Soviet occupation of Manchuria and the dropping of the atomic bomb, would almost certainly have been avoided.
The underground was not a mass movement. There could be no such movement under a regime where spies were everywhere and individuals were forced by terror to act as informers on their neighbors. Edition: current; Page: [[304]] But the underground was more than a group of a few individuals of no political consequence. It had members and sympathizers in high military and political posts, notably in the Abwehr, or Counterintelligence.
A young officer, a lawyer in civilian life, Fabian von Schlabrendorff, placed a bomb, disguised as a bottle of cognac, in Hitler’s plane on the eastern front in February 1943. This attempt failed because the percussion cap failed to go off.
Some members of the underground possessed sufficient influence to obtain passports for travel in foreign lands. They tried to establish contacts in official circles, to make known the existence and aims of an anti-Nazi movement. Von Trott talked with high officials in the State Department in the autumn of 1939. He suggested American moral support for the idea of a fair peace settlement with a regime which would succeed the Nazis, including an assurance of Germany’s 1933 frontiers.
At first Roosevelt was interested in this information about the existence of an anti-Nazi underground. Later, however, he discouraged further contacts. Von Trott was even denounced as a Nazi. He returned to Germany by way of Japan and continued to work for the overthrow of Hitler until he was arrested and executed after the July 20 plot.15
This attitude of not wishing even to know about the existence of an anti-Nazi movement in Germany, much less to have any dealings with it, is illustrated by another incident that occurred after America had entered the war.
When Lochner reached the United States after a period of internment in Germany, he made several unsuccessful attempts to see the President. Finally he explained the purpose of his request in writing. This elicited a negative reply from the President’s office, suggesting that he desist because his request was “most embarrassing.”17
It is not easy to determine on the basis of available evidence which individuals were most responsible for this consistent attitude of overlooking opportunities to drive a wedge between the Nazi regime and the German people. That Henry Morgenthau, Secretary of the Treasury, who liked to meddle with affairs outside his own department, exercised a most deleterious influence is obvious from the plan which bears his name and which he sponsored most vehemently.
German political emigrants in the United States fell into three main categories. There were men, ranging from conservatives to Social Democrats, who hated nazism but wished to see Germany exist as an independent country with reasonable frontiers and a viable economy after the war. There were bitter destructionists, individuals who wished to revenge indiscriminately on the entire German people what they or their friends and relatives had suffered at the hands of the Third Reich. And there were Communists and fellow travelers.
It was the emigrants in the last two categories who found the most sympathetic hearing in Washington during the war. Indeed, when one Edition: current; Page: [[306]] recalls the extreme laxity (to use no stronger term) of the OWI in resisting Communist infiltration,18 one suspects that Gerhard Eisler, later exposed as a leading Communist agent in this country, might have been put in charge of propaganda for Germany, if he had thought of applying for the job.
“I pray for the defeat of my nation. Only in defeat can we atone for the terrible crimes we have committed against Europe and the world.”
The Bishop submitted a memorandum on his conversations to Foreign Secretary Anthony Eden. He was informed on July 17 that no action could be taken.20
It could be argued that there were two reasons for caution in dealing with the German opposition. First, so long as Hitler seemed to be winning the war, there was little if any prospect that his government could be overthrown. Second, the strength of the underground was doubtful and uncertain.
Certainly there were the strongest reasons, military and political, for encouraging the anti-Hitler forces by giving some kind of constructive peace assurance along the lines of the Four Freedoms and the Atlantic Charter. But the blank wall of negation set up by “unconditional surrender” blocked any kind of effective political warfare during 1943 and 1944, when it might well have yielded success.
But, as he says, “nothing of this nature was done.”22 And, as he observes in another connection: “It sometimes seemed that those who determine policy in America and England were making the military task as difficult as possible by uniting all Germans to resist to the bitter end.”23
As a result, the conspiracy, which implicated a large number of the finest spirits in Germany, failed. It proved impossible to persuade the majority of officers in strategic posts to rebel when they realized that Hitler was still alive. Very few of the participants escaped the savage vengeance of the Gestapo.
And Yorck, in his final testimony, denounced “the totalitarian claim of the state on the individual which forces him to renounce his moral and religious obligations to God.”
This effort of a minority of idealistic Germans to rid themselves of Hitler’s tyranny received little understanding or sympathy in the United States. Typical was the comment of the New York Herald Tribune of August 9: “The American people as a whole will not feel sorry that the bomb spared Hitler for the liquidation of his generals.”
Bombing of railway and road transport and of war industries was an indispensable and valuable aid to military victory. But this cannot be said as regards the wholesale destruction of residential areas. On the basis of detailed reports from inside Germany during the war, Allen W. Dulles came to the following conclusion:
Morgenthau began to play a decisive part in shaping American policy toward Germany in 1944. An old friend of Roosevelt, he had always been inclined to take a very broad view of his proper functions as Secretary of the Treasury. This is evident from his description of the situation in 1940 in Collier’s for October 11, 1947:
“With the State Department wedded to the methods of old-fashioned diplomacy, with the War Department demoralized by dissension, Roosevelt was forced to turn a good deal to the Treasury to implement his antiaggressor program.”
Hull often found Morgenthau a thorn in his side, as is evident from the following passage in his Memoirs:
Morgenthau went to England in 1944, doing his best to win recruits for a policy of ruthless vengeance against Germany. He found some British statesmen skeptical when he suggested that, in his own words, “we could divide Germany up into a number of small agricultural provinces, stop all major industrial production and convert them into small agricultural landholders.” However, he seems to have found a sympathizer in Anthony Eden, who “stressed the fact over a pleasant luncheon at his country estate that a soft peace would only arouse Russian suspicions.”
It is sometimes suggested that the Morgenthau Plan has been exaggerated or misrepresented. There is no excuse for misunderstanding, however, because Morgenthau himself has published the full text of the plan in a book which contains elaborate suggestions about why and how it should be put into effect.34 The main features are as follows:
The section dealing with the International Zone contains the following key paragraphs:
(a) within a short period, if possible not longer than six months after the conclusion of hostilities, all industrial plants and equipment not destroyed by military action shall be completely dismantled and transported to allied nations as restitution. All equipment shall be removed from the mines and the mines closed. [Italics supplied.]
take any measures designed to maintain or strengthen the German economy, except those which are essential to military operations. The responsibility for sustaining the German economy and peoples rests with the German people with such facilities as may be available under the circumstances. [Italics supplied.]
There were to be controls over foreign trade and tight restrictions on capital imports. These were designed to prevent the establishment of key industries in the new German states.
There is a very interesting last provision of the plan. Had it been put into effect, it would have excluded America and Great Britain from any share in the occupation of Germany. This would obviously have meant Soviet domination of that country. The precise wording of this provision is as follows:
Under this program United States troops could be withdrawn within a relatively short time.
It is of the utmost importance that every person in Germany should realize that this time Germany is a defeated nation. I do not want them to starve to death, but, as an example, if they need food to keep body and soul together, beyond what they have, they should be fed three times a day with soup from Army soup kitchens.
During the first days of September the three Secretaries argued their cases before the President, whose physical and mental condition was giving increasing cause for concern. Stimson, as he tells us, “was not happy about the President’s state of body and mind.” He noted in his diary for September 11 after Roosevelt left for Quebec for a conference with Churchill:
I have been much troubled by the President’s physical condition. He was distinctly not himself Saturday [September 9]. He had a cold and seemed tired out. I rather fear for the effects of this hard conference upon him. I am particularly troubled . . . that he is going up there without any real preparation for the solution of the underlying and fundamental problem of how to treat Germany.37
At a conference between the President and the Prime Minister upon the best measures to prevent renewed rearmament by Germany it Edition: current; Page: [[318]] was felt that an essential feature was the future disposition of the Ruhr and the Saar.
This program for eliminating the warmaking industries in the Ruhr and in the Saar is looking forward to converting Germany into a country primarily agricultural and pastoral in its character.
The Prime Minister and the President were in agreement on this program.
Churchill was becoming increasingly alarmed over the bleak British economic prospect after the end of the war. Morgenthau held the purse strings. The British Prime Minister may well have felt that, as Paris was Edition: current; Page: [[319]] worth a Mass to Henri IV, a subsidy of 6.5 billion dollars was worth his signature to a scheme so extravagant that it might never be realized.
Hull and Stimson rallied from their defeat. The latter lunched with Roosevelt and pressed home the issue as few men would have dared to do with a President who did not bear contradiction gladly. Roosevelt in typical fashion began to twist and dodge, protested that he had no intention of turning Germany into an agrarian state, that all he wanted was to save a portion of the proceeds of the Ruhr for Great Britain, which was “broke.”
Stimson brought him to the point by reading the precise words of the communiqué which had been issued in his name and Churchill’s. When the Secretary read the words about “converting Germany into a country primarily agricultural and pastoral” Roosevelt seemed dumb-founded.
“He was frankly staggered by this and said he had no idea how he could have initialed this: that he had evidently done it without much thought.”38 [Italics supplied.]
There have been few more damaging confessions of mental incompetence or complete irresponsibility. Here was a decision of first importance, affecting the lives and livelihood of millions of people, calculated to shape the course of European history, and the President could not recall how or why he had made it, or even that it had been made at all.
Referring to the Treasury suggestion that Britain would benefit from the elimination of German competition, McCloy drily commented: “The total elimination of a competitor (who is also a potential purchaser) is rarely a satisfactory solution of a commercial problem.”
However, the pressure from the White House for a vindictive treatment of Germany was so strong that McCloy, with Stimson’s approval, composed the extremely harsh JCS 1067.39 This instructed the American Military Governor “to take no steps (a) looking toward the economic rehabilitation of Germany or (b) designed to maintain or strengthen the Germany economy.” These expressions are taken almost literally from the original text of the Morgenthau Plan.
Treasury agents, determined to exact the last pound of flesh, flooded Germany in the first years of the occupation and badgered and harassed those Military Government officials who were trying to carry out a constructive policy. Some adherents of the Morgenthau school of thought, referred to as the “Chaos Boys,” infiltrated the Military Government.
If, however, one compares the provisional terms sketched at Potsdam with the treaties which have been concluded after other great wars, the judgment “world’s worst peace” is not exaggerated. From the first line to the last Potsdam was a conspicuous, cynical, and flagrant violation of the professed war aims of the United Nations, as set forth in the Atlantic Charter.
The first three clauses of the Charter assert in the most positive and sweeping terms the right of all peoples to self-determination. The Potsdam Agreement handed over to Soviet-Polish control a large territory east of the Oder and Neisse rivers, inhabited by about nine and a half million people, an area which included one fourth of Germany’s arable land. Almost all these people were of German stock. It is safe to say that a plebiscite would not have yielded even an appreciable minority of votes for transfer to Polish rule.
The conference accepted the transfer of the city of Königsberg and an adjacent area of East Prussia to Soviet sovereignty. America and Great Britain pledged their support of this claim “at the forthcoming peace conference,” which, in 1950, had still not been held.
The three governments, having considered the question in all its aspects, recognize that the transfer to Germany of German populations or elements thereof, remaining in Poland, Czechoslovakia and Hungary, will have to be undertaken. They agree that any transfers that take place should be effected in an orderly and humane manner.
However, when every allowance has been made for persons in these categories, it seems probable that some two million people perished in this vast uprooting. Some were massacred outright; more died of hunger, cold, and disease.2
The Potsdam Declaration proclaimed: “It is not the intention of the Allies to destroy or enslave the German people.” But this declaration of intent was not borne out by events during the first years of the occupation.
It had been the practice of civilized states in the past to release war prisoners within a reasonable time after the end of hostilities. The crusaders for righteousness in World War II set other precedents. For several years after the surrender between six and seven hundred thousand German war prisoners were kept as slave laborers in France, about four Edition: current; Page: [[325]] hundred thousand in Great Britain, and a larger number, perhaps two or three million, in Russia.
Except for a minority selected for Communist indoctrination and for technicians whose services were desired, the treatment of war prisoners in Russia, which never accepted Red Cross conventions on this subject, was atrociously bad. Most of the Italian prisoners died of cold and hunger. Many of the Germans were released only when they had become physical wrecks, incapable of further work.
But the Potsdam Declaration contained many provisions calculated to block German industrial recovery. One of its most important economic decisions is worded as follows:
This would have been equivalent to keeping Germany permanently on the level of 1932, a year of deep economic depression and mass unemployment. It was the widespread distress of 1932 that contributed much to Hitler’s rise to power.
A third basic document, besides the Potsdam Declaration and the Level of Industry Agreement, in shaping American policy during the Edition: current; Page: [[328]] first years after the end of the war was Occupation Directive 1067, issued on April 26, 1945. The spirit of this order is illustrated by the following excerpts:
Germany will not be occupied for the purpose of liberation but as a defeated enemy nation. . . . You will strongly discourage fraternization with the German officials and population.
No action will be taken, in execution of the reparations program or otherwise, which would tend to support basic living conditions in Germany or in your zone on a higher level than that existing in any of the neighboring United Nations. . . .4
You will take no steps (a) looking toward the economic rehabilitation of Germany or (b) designed to maintain or strengthen the German economy.
You will take all practicable economic and police measures to assure that German resources are fully utilized and consumption held to a minimum in order that imports may be strictly limited and that surpluses may be made available for the occupying forces and displaced persons and United Nations prisoners of war and for reparations.5 [Italics supplied.]
The purposes set forth in the Potsdam Declaration are highly confused and contradictory. Along with unprecedentedly harsh and brutal punitive provisions, calculated, if not designed, to destroy any possibility of a decent standard of living in Germany even in the distant future, one finds the statement:
It is the intention of the Allies that the German people be given the opportunity to prepare for the eventual reconstruction of their life on a democratic and peaceful basis.
This clause was not applicable to the 25 per cent share of equipment from the western zones which was assured to the Soviet Union.
In its outline of reparations procedure, as in its boundary and limitation of industry provisions, Potsdam deserves the characterization: Europe’s worst peace. The wrong lessons were drawn from the experience of the past.
The Napoleonic armies had committed considerable ravages and were responsible for a good deal of looting during the first years of the nineteenth century, but no heavy burden of indemnity was laid on France by the Congress of Vienna.
Indeed there is little evidence that the indemnities which were sometimes collected from defeated states in European conflicts before World War I had any adverse effects on the economy of the Continent. The figures were kept within moderate bounds, and the charges could be and were paid like ordinary commercial obligations.
Reparations could have been obtained by requiring certain German factories to work for reparations accounts and supplying these factories with necessary raw materials. No one seems to have suggested such a sensible arrangement at the wartime conferences, although the Russians began to practice it on a huge scale in their own zone after Edition: current; Page: [[331]] they learned from experience that the removal of German machinery brought little positive benefit to their own economy.
James F. Byrnes, then Secretary of State, in his account of the Potsdam Conference,8 says the American delegation wished to reach agreement on four major issues. These were the machinery and procedures for the earliest possible drafting of the peace treaties; the political and economic principles which should govern the occupation of Germany; plans for carrying out the Yalta Declaration in liberated Europe; a new approach to the reparations issue.
No success was achieved on any of these points. All that was gained as regards the implementation of the Yalta promises was a meaningless repetition of assurances which were being disregarded in practice every day. The machinery for turning the countries of Eastern Europe into Soviet vassal states ground on relentlessly.
Molotov persisted in returning to the Yalta proposal for a reparations figure of twenty billion dollars, of which half should go to the Soviet Union. No definite figure, however, was included in the text of the Potsdam Agreement. New evidence of human capacity for self-deception is to be found in Byrnes’s comment on Potsdam:
“We considered the conference a success. We firmly believed that the agreements reached would provide a basis for the early restoration of stability to Europe.”10
A much sounder and more far-sighted judgment was expressed in an editorial which appeared at this time in the Economist, of London:
The Potsdam Declaration will not last ten years, and when it breaks down there will be nothing but the razor-edge balance of international anarchy between civilization and the atomic bomb. . . . It has in it not a single constructive idea, not a single hopeful perspective for the postwar world. At the end of a mighty war fought to defeat Hitlerism the Allies are making a Hitlerian peace. This is the real measure of their failure.
Pope Pius XII expressed a similar thought when he declared, in his Christmas message to the College of Cardinals in 1946:
One thing is beyond all doubt. The fruits and the repercussions of victory have been, up to the present, not only of indescribable bitterness for the defeated; but for the victors, too, they have proved to be a source of untold anxiety and danger.
But if one calls the roll of the other crimes which are often represented as peculiar to the Nazis, or to the Germans and Japanese as peoples, one soon finds, after impartial investigation, that there are other guilty parties. Victors as well as vanquished must answer for grave offenses against international law and common humanity.
Deportation and uprooting of people to make room for German settlement? It is an old and true saying that two wrongs do not make a right. The fate of the fourteen million human beings driven from their homes in East Germany, Czechoslovakia, Poland, and other East European countries was no happier than that of Poles who were expelled from their homes to make way for Germans.
Of course it is difficult to draw a clear line of distinction between the consequences of the lost war and vindictive, destructionist occupation policies. Even if the Potsdam decisions had been wiser and more humane, the whole German people, Nazis and non-Nazis, guilty and innocent, would have been required to pay a heavy price for Hitler’s crimes. They would have been forced to wrestle with the social problems involved in wrecked factories, devastated cities, disrupted families, and hopelessly inflated currency.
The ghastly hunger of Hamburg, for instance, cannot be dissociated from the prohibition of all German ocean-going shipping, since it was shipping and shipbuilding that gave this large port much of its livelihood. The high mortality rates in Berlin were certainly due, at least in part, to the attempt to administer this city under a system of perpetual squabbling among the four controlling powers. The frustrating and often contradictory economic regulations imposed by the various occupation authorities certainly increased the misery by denying the Germans a reasonable opportunity to earn their own living.
There were two other characteristics of the occupation regime in Germany for which there is no parallel in other European peace settlements. These were denazification and the trials of so-called war criminals.
Newspapermen, for instance, were automatically registered in the Reichspressekammer. There were similar organizations for writers, musicians, teachers, doctors, radio commentators, and others.
A reasonable approach to the denazification problem would have been to exclude from public office those Nazis who were high enough in party rank to be fairly regarded as responsible policy makers, to prosecute those against whom there was evidence of specific criminal acts, and to leave the great mass who had merely gone along with the tide undisturbed.
If, as Burke said, it is impossible to indict a nation, it is surely inadvisable and impolitic to punish such a high proportion of individuals as to create a large class of embittered pariahs. Yet this is what American denazification set out to do. Every adult German in the American zone was required under criminal penalties to fill out an incredibly complex questionnaire with 131 questions. These pried into every detail of personal life, from religion to income.
The sheer physical impossibility of judging millions of people in this way forced a retreat from the more extreme methods. But the wholesale indiscriminating and arbitrary conduct of denazification led to much injustice and completely defeated its purpose. When the net was cast so wide and caught so many individuals who were personally guilty Edition: current; Page: [[339]] of no crime except a lack of the high moral courage required to defy a dictatorship, the inevitable result was to create sympathy, not aversion, for the people who suffered.
The number of trials and convictions in the British zone was smaller. There is little official information about what happened in the Soviet zone. On the basis of reliable reports, it seems certain that more people were put to death and sent to concentration camps there than in the other zones. But there has also been more rehabilitation and utilization of ex-Nazis who were regarded as useful for the Communist cause.
No reasonable person will deny that some of the defendants in these trials were guilty of horrible crimes and that comparatively few are entitled to sympathy on the basis of their personalities and records. The real case against “victors’ justice” is not the punishment that was Edition: current; Page: [[340]] meted out to over fifteen hundred Germans, but the serious injury which the trials inflicted upon civilized standards of impartial judicial procedure and moral consistency. This injury may be found in the following points.
1. There was no pretense of enforcing equal responsibility before the law. Only Germans were punished, in many cases for actions which were also committed by soldiers and citizens of one or all of the victorious powers. But one of the clearest distinctions between a true court of law and a lynching mob is that the court judges all without discrimination.
2. The very important principle that judges and juries should have no personal interest or prejudice in the cases with which they are concerned was not and could not be upheld in trials of defeated enemies by their conquerors.
3. This defect of the trials was aggravated because a considerable number of American citizens of recent origin, political or racial refugees from Nazi Germany, took part in the investigations and police actions which accompanied the prosecutions. The desire of some of these individuals for vengeance was human and understandable. But this desire should not have been satisfied through American courts.
4. The evidence on which some of the verdicts were based was tainted by the use of brutality and chicanery in extorting confessions.
5. The trials set a dangerous precedent in violation of the well-known principles of national and international law. One of these is that there should be no ex post facto punishment. The other is that military officers and civilian officials should not be held responsible for carrying out orders received from high authorities. Under this last precedent, every military and naval officer who takes part in working out war plans could be indicted and executed as a “promoter of aggressive war,” if his country should be defeated.
6. The proscription of the vanquished by the victors is unpleasantly reminiscent of the practices of twenty centuries ago, when captured rulers were strangled after being led in Roman triumphs. The war-crimes trials were hailed and justified as war deterrents. But it seems far more probable that the only effect will be to turn future wars into bitter-end struggles of mutual extermination. There has never been Edition: current; Page: [[341]] a war in history in which the victors did not consider the vanquished “guilty.”
This principle was questionable in itself. But it was not consistently observed, for, as has already been shown, the Germans were by no means alone in committing such crimes against humanity and international law as launching of aggressive war, forcible annexation of foreign territory, carrying out mass deportations, exploiting the slave labor of war prisoners, committing rape, looting, and other outrages against civilians.
Any moral value the war trials might have possessed was seriously undermined by the methods often used to extort confessions. Most notorious and unsavory was the third-degree treatment inflicted upon Edition: current; Page: [[342]] the defendants in the Malmédy trial, a large group of German soldiers accused of killing American prisoners during the Battle of the Bulge.
This suggested the methods of the Gestapo, rather than a “reeducation” in the ways of civilized justice. Indeed, it seems doubtful whether the Germans could have been expected to learn any lesson from the war trials except one the Nazis could have taught them: Woe to the vanquished.
Had the Potsdam Declaration, the Level of Industry Agreement of 1946, and Directive No. 1067 been applied in full rigor without compensating outside aid, millions of Germans would have perished of malnutrition and slow starvation. As it was, the first years of the occupation Edition: current; Page: [[343]] witnessed an abnormally high death rate among the very old and the very young.
The kind of peace settlement indicated by the Potsdam decisions was brutally unjust and profoundly unwise from the economic standpoint. It also gives the impression of being extremely unstable. Had Europe escaped the politically unsettling effects of the economic crisis of 1929-33, there might have been an adjustment on the basis of existing political frontiers.
Some of the defects of the German peace settlement were repeated in Austria, although the treatment of that country was less deliberately vindictive. Little Austria was split up into four zones of occupation. Its chances of becoming self-supporting were gravely injured by the Soviet seizure and exploitation of the Zistersdorf oil wells, the Danubian shipping, and many factories, claimed as “German assets.”
Peacemaking in the Orient brought its special disappointments. This was because China, the country on whose behalf the United States went crusading in that part of the world, turned Communist and proceeded to heap insults upon American diplomatic representatives unprecedented since the days of the Boxer uprising. This was very much as if Great Britain and France had set up Soviet governments, sent delegations to pay homage to Stalin, and lost no opportunity to express their contempt and detestation for the United States. Seldom has retribution for a short-sighted, sentimental, mistaken policy been so swift and so merciless.
To be sure, the occupation of Japan was smoother and more efficient than the occupation of Germany. General Douglas MacArthur’s authority was, for all practical purposes, unquestioned.
Unfortunately American policy in Japan in the first years of the occupation repeated, sometimes in milder form, the blunders which have already been noted in Germany. Economically there was much in common between these two defeated countries. Both were thickly settled lands, incapable of supporting more than a minority of their population by agriculture.
The war shattered these bases of the Japanese economy. Japan lost its overseas possessions and assets. The overcrowded Japanese islands, where over eighty million people live in an area smaller and poorer than California, were forced to receive millions of new inhabitants, Japanese who had formerly lived on the Asiatic mainland and in the adjacent islands. Most of Japan’s shipping was at the bottom of the ocean. Its industrial plant was heavily damaged by bombing.
Two salient points about the Japanese situation should have been clear to every competent economist. First, there was no surplus in the Japanese economy that could be devoted to the payment of reparations. Second, if Japan was to get off the American dole and become self-supporting, the Japanese needed for this purpose all the industry, shipping, and foreign trade they could rebuild and regain.
Mr. Pauley knew nothing of Japan’s economic problems at first hand. There is reason to believe that he was influenced in his decisions by the views of some left-wing “experts” on Japan who saw in an economically ruined Japan the necessary and desirable prelude to a Communist Japan. This same consideration explains the enthusiasm of Communists and fellow travelers for the Morgenthau scheme in Germany.
So there was a belated return to sanity on the question of industrial dismantling in Japan. Meanwhile, however, the political picture in the Far East had changed very much for the worse. China passed almost completely under Communist control. This left South Korea, under a Edition: current; Page: [[347]] precariously weak government, as the only toehold of American influence on the mainland of East Asia. Japan itself threatened to turn into a permanent sub-WPA project.
Nine years after Pearl Harbor, five years after atomic bombs fell on Hiroshima and Nagasaki and introduced the world to a new age of fear, there was no true pacification, no sense of security for American interests in Asia. The aftermath of the crusade was, if possible, even more disillusioning in that continent than it was in Europe.
Were these human and material losses justified or unavoidable? From the military standpoint, of course, the crusade was a victory. The three Axis nations were completely crushed. American power on land and at sea, in the air and in the factory assembly line, was an indispensable contribution to this defeat.
But war is not a sporting competition, in which victory is an end in itself. It can only be justified as a means to achieve desirable positive ends or to ward off an intolerable and unmistakable threat to national security. When one asks for the fruits of victory five years after the end of the war, the answers sound hollow and unconvincing.
After World War I, there were some reasonably honest plebiscites, Edition: current; Page: [[349]] along with some arbitrary and unjust territorial arrangements. But the customary method of changing frontiers after World War II was to throw the entire population out bag and baggage—and with very little baggage.
Not one of the drastic surgical operations on Europe’s boundaries was carried out in free consultation with the people affected. There can be no reasonable doubt that every one of these changes would have been rejected by an overwhelming majority in an honestly conducted plebiscite.
The terrific war destruction and the vindictive peace have certainly not helped to secure “for all, improved labor standards, economic advancement and social security.”
In the year 1950, five years after the end of the Second Crusade, “all men in all lands” are not living “out their lives in freedom from fear and want.” Nor are “all men traversing the high seas and oceans without hindrance.”
All in all, the promises of the Charter seem to have evaporated in a wraith of Atlantic mist.
In short, there is not the slightest visible relation between the Atlantic Charter and the Four Freedoms and the kind of world that has emerged after the war. Woodrow Wilson put up a struggle for his Fourteen Points. There is no evidence that Franklin D. Roosevelt offered any serious objection to the many violations of his professed war aims.
It may, of course, be argued that the Atlantic Charter and the Four Freedoms were unessential window dressing, that the war was not a crusade at all, but a matter of self-defense and national survival. However, there is no proof that Germany and Japan had worked out, even on paper, any scheme for the invasion of the American continent.
“Your Government knows what terms Hitler, if victorious, would impose. I am not speculating about all this. . . . They plan to treat the Latin American countries as they are now treating the Balkans. They plan then to strangle the United States of America and the Dominion of Canada.”
No evidence has yet been found that the German High Command had any over-all strategic plan. . . .
Nor is there evidence of close strategic coordination between Germany and Japan. The German General Staff recognized that Japan was bound by the neutrality pact with Russia but hoped that the Japanese would tie down strong British and American land, sea and air forces in the Far East.
In the absence of any evidence so far to the contrary, it is believed that Japan also acted unilaterally and not in accordance with a unified strategic plan. . . .
Not only were the European partners of the Axis unable to coordinate their plans and resources and agree within their own nations how best to proceed, but the eastern partner, Japan, was working in even greater discord. The Axis as a matter of fact existed on paper only.1 [Italics supplied.]
So, in the judgment of General Marshall, the Axis did not represent a close-knit league, with a clear-cut plan for achieving world domination, including the subjugation of the American continent. It was a loose association of powers with expansionist aims in Europe and the Far East.
“We should have made peace with Germany and Japan when they were too weak to be a threat to us and still strong enough to be useful partners in a coalition against the Soviet Union.”
An old friend whom I met in Paris in 1946, a shrewd and witty British journalist, offered the following estimate of the situation which followed the Second Crusade:
“You know, Hitler really won this war—in the person of Stalin.”
President Roosevelt declared in his speech of May 27, 1941: “We will accept only a world consecrated to freedom from want and freedom from terrorism.” The war into which he was steadily and purposefully steering his country was apparently supposed to assure such a world.
These dangers of totalitarianism were real enough. But it was a disastrous fallacy to imagine that these dangers could be exorcised by waging war and making peace in such fashion that the power of another totalitarian state, the Soviet Union, would be greatly enhanced.
After Pearl Harbor and the German declaration of war, the United States, of course, had a stake in the success of the Red Army. This, however, does not justify the policy of one-sided appeasement which was followed at Teheran and Yalta.
If one looks farther back, before America’s hands were tied diplomatically by involvement in the conflict, there was certainly no moral or political obligation for the United States and other western powers to defend the Soviet Union against possible attacks from Germany and Japan. The most hopeful means of dealing with the totalitarian threat would have been for the western powers to have maintained a hands-off policy in eastern Europe.
In this case the two totalitarian regimes might have been expected to shoot it out to their hearts’ content. But advocates of such an elementary common-sense policy were vilified as appeasers, fascist sympathizers, and what not. The repeated indications that Hitler’s ambitions were Continental, not overseas, that he desired and intended to move toward the east, not toward the west, were overlooked.
Even after what General Deane called “the strange alliance” had Edition: current; Page: [[355]] been concluded, there was room for maneuvering. We could have been as aloof toward Stalin as Stalin was toward us. There is adequate evidence available that the chance of negotiating a reasonable peace with a non-Nazi German government would have justified an attempt, but the “unconditional surrender” formula made anything of this sort impossible. With a blind optimism that now seems amazing and fantastic, the men responsible for the conduct of American foreign policy staked everything on the improbable assumption that the Soviet Government would be a co-operative do-gooder in an ideal postwar world.
The publicist Randolph Bourne, a caustic and penetrating critic of American participation in its First Crusade, observed that war is like a wild elephant. It carries the rider where it wishes to go, not where he may wish to go.
First, one could probably have counted on rifts and conflicts of interest between Germany and Japan which are less likely to arise in Stalin’s centralized empire. Second, Soviet expansion is aided by propaganda resources which were never matched by the Nazis and the Japanese.
How does it stand with those ideals which were often invoked by advocates of the Second Crusade? What about “orderly processes in international relations,” to borrow a phrase from Cordell Hull, or international peace and security in general? Does the present size of our armaments appropriation suggest confidence in an era of peace and good will? Is it not pretty much the kind of appropriation we would Edition: current; Page: [[356]] have found necessary if there had been no effort to destroy Nazi and Japanese power?
Regimentation of trade? But how much free trade is there in the postwar world? This conception has been ousted by an orgy of exchange controls, bilateral commercial agreements, and other devices for damming and diverting the free stream of international commerce.
Looking back over the diplomatic history of the war, one can identify ten major blunders which contributed very much to the unfavorable position in which the western powers find themselves today. These may be listed as follows:
1. The guarantee of “all support in their power” which the British Government gave to Poland “in the event of any action which clearly threatened Polish independence.” This promise, hastily given on March 31, 1939, proved impossible to keep. It was of Edition: current; Page: [[357]] no benefit to the Poles in their unequal struggle against the German invasion. It was not regarded as applicable against Russia when the Soviet Union invaded and occupied eastern Poland, with the full understanding and complicity of Hitler.
All this ill-advised guarantee accomplished was to put Great Britain and France into war against Germany, to the great satisfaction of Stalin, for an objective which the western powers could not win. Poland was not freed even after the United States entered the war and Hitler was crushed. It was only subjected to a new tyranny, organized and directed from Moscow.
There is no proof and little probability that Hitler would have attacked the West if he had not been challenged on the Polish issue. The guarantee, more than any other single action, spoiled the best political opportunity the western powers possessed in 1939. This was to canalize German expansion eastward and to keep war out of the West.
3. The “unconditional surrender” slogan which Roosevelt tossed off at Casablanca in January 1943. This was a godsend to Goebbels and a tremendous blow to the morale and effectiveness of the underground groups which were working against Hitler. It weakened the American and British position in relation to Russia, since Stalin did not associate himself with the demand. It stiffened and prolonged German resistance.
10. The hasty launching, amid much exaggerated ballyhoo, of the United Nations. The new organization was not given either a definite peace settlement to sustain or the power which would have made it an effective mediator and arbiter in disputes between great powers. It was as if an architect should create an elaborate second story of a building, complete with balconies, while neglecting to lay a firm foundation.
Primary responsibility for the involvement of the United States in World War II and for the policies which characterized our wartime diplomacy rests with Franklin D. Roosevelt. His motives were mixed and were probably not always clear, even to himself. Frances Perkins, Secretary of Labor in his Cabinet and a personal friend, described the President as “the most complicated human being I ever knew.”
Certainly Roosevelt was far from being a simple and straightforward character. In an age when Stalin, Hitler, and Mussolini played the role of the popular tyrant, of the dictator whose grip on his people is maintained by a mixture of mass enthusiasm and mass terrorism, Roosevelt showed what could be done in achieving very great personal power within the framework of free institutions. His career after his election to the presidency stamps him as a man of vast ambition, capable, according to Frances Perkins, of “almost childish vanity.”
Roosevelt’s first Administration, which began at the low point of a very severe depression, was a brilliant political success. He was reelected in 1936 by an enormous majority of popular and electoral votes. But dark clouds hung over the last years of his second term of office. For all the varied and sometimes contradictory devices of the New Deal failed to banish the specter of large-scale unemployment. There were at least ten million people out of work in the United States in 1939.
The coming of the war in Europe accomplished what all the experimentation of the New Deal had failed to achieve. It created the swollen demand for American munitions, equipment, supplies of all kinds, foodstuffs which started the national economy on the road to full production and full employment.
There was the same economic phenomenon at the time of the First World War. The vast needs of the Allies meant high profits, not only for munitions makers (later stigmatized as “merchants of death”), but for all branches of business activity. It brought a high level of farm prices and industrial wages. As the Allies ran out of ready cash, loans were floated on the American market. The United States, or at least some American financial interests, acquired a direct stake in an Allied victory.
Now, the purely economic interpretation of our involvement in World War I can be pressed too far. There is neither evidence nor probability that Wilson was directly influenced by bankers or munitions makers. He had given the German Government a public and grave warning of the consequences of resorting to unlimited submarine warfare. When the German Government announced the resumption of such warfare, Wilson, with the assent of Congress, made good his warning.
Ambition certainly encouraged Roosevelt to assume an interventionist attitude. He unmistakably enjoyed his role as one of the “Big Three,” as a leading figure at international conferences, as a mediator between Stalin and Churchill. There is a marked contrast between Roosevelt’s psychology as a war leader and Lincoln’s.
Another trait in Roosevelt’s personality which may help to explain the casual, light-hearted scrapping of the Atlantic Charter and the Four Freedoms is a strong histrionic streak. If he originated or borrowed a brilliant phrase, he felt that his work was done. He felt no strong obligation to see that the phrase, once uttered, must be realized in action.
“There came a moment when President Roosevelt was convinced that the utter defeat of Nazism was essential to the survival of our institutions. That time certainly could not have been later than when Mr. Sumner Welles reported on his mission to Europe [March 1940].”3
That Roosevelt may have been mentally committed to intervention even before the war broke out is indicated by the following dispatch from Maurice Hindus in the New York Herald Tribune of January 4, 1948:
“Prague—President Eduard Beneš of Czechoslovakia told the late President Franklin D. Roosevelt on May 29, 1939, that war would break out any day after July 15 of that year, with Poland as the first victim, and Mr. Roosevelt, in reply to a question as to what the United States would do, said it would have to participate because Europe alone could not defeat Adolf Hitler.”
A suggestion by Assistant Secretary of State A. A. Berle that Roosevelt should have become the leader of the free world against Hitler is believed to have influenced the President’s psychology.4
Admiral James O. Richardson, at that time Commander in Chief of the Pacific fleet, talked at length with Roosevelt in the White House on October 8, 1940. He testified before the Congressional committee investigating Pearl Harbor that he had asked the President whether we would enter the war and received the following answer:
Technically or from an international standpoint we were not at war, inasmuch as we did not have the right of belligerents, because war had not been declared. But actually, so far as the forces operating under Admiral King in certain areas were concerned, it was against Edition: current; Page: [[364]] any German craft that came inside that area. They were attacking us and we were attacking them.
Stark also testified that, by direction of the President, he ordered American warships in the Atlantic to fire on German submarines and surface ships. This order was issued on October 8, 1941, two months before Hitler’s declaration of war.
It is scarcely possible, in the light of this and many other known facts, to avoid the conclusion that the Roosevelt Administration sought the war which began at Pearl Harbor. The steps which made armed conflict inevitable were taken months before the conflict broke out.
To recognize the bankruptcy of the illusions for which we fought our Second Crusade is the essential step in curing the consequences of those illusions. American foreign policy, of course, cannot come to a Edition: current; Page: [[365]] dead stop. Americans cannot wring their hands in hopeless disillusionment. To every historical challenge there is an effective response.
The conception of a united western Europe leaving its quarrels to history and capable of resisting Soviet aggression is completely fatuous unless it includes Germany as an active participant in the making of the political, military, and economic decisions on a basis of full equality. Only in this way can the loyalty of the Germans become strong enough to withstand any test contrived by Moscow.
The point of view set forth in this book will challenge powerful American intellectual and emotional interests, but the iron logic of facts will, I believe, confirm these interpretations with the passing of time.
——. President Roosevelt and the Coming of the War, 1941. New Haven: Yale University Press, 1948.
——. The End of the Beginning. Boston: Little, Brown, 1943.
Churchill, The World Crisis, 2:1-2. This passage could serve even better as an epitaph for the Second World War than for the First.
The Fourteen Points and other essential items in Wilson’s peace program are printed at the end of this chapter.
A certain school of thought is inclined to attribute most of the world’s inter-war troubles to the fact that the United States and the Soviet Union (until 1934) were outside the League. But these two powers have been charter members of the United Nations, without producing world harmony.
For the text of this pact, see Polish White Book, 20-21.
For fuller details, see Polish White Book, 47, 53, 61.
Henderson, Failure of a Mission, 88. This conversation apparently took place in 1937.
Ibid., 32-33. I have been privately informed by an extremely reliable source that Potocki, now residing in South America, confirmed the accuracy of the documents, so far as he was concerned.
I have been privately informed by a reliable source that an intimation, conveyed to the British Government through diplomatic sources, that Roosevelt favored the adoption of conscription exerted considerable influence on the British decision to introduce this measure in the spring of 1939.
By a curious accidental irony, an English translation of Litvinov’s speeches, entitled Against Aggression, appeared just as the Soviet Union had been expelled from the League of Nations for its aggressive attack on Finland.
This is certainly an authoritative attribution of responsibility for the Soviet-Nazi pact. It proves beyond dispute that the pact was not a hasty improvisation in the face of imminent war, but a long-conceived design on Stalin’s part.
Henderson, Failure of a Mission, 284ff.
Reprinted in Churchill, Blood, Sweat and Tears, 215.
This phrase was first used by Marcel Déat, a French opponent of the war who was later associated with the Vichy regime and disappeared after the end of hostilities.
It is symptomatic of the bias of the Roosevelt Administration in favor of communism, as against fascism, that no such language was publicly used when the Soviet Union delivered its “stab in the back” to Poland.
This incident was described to me by the American concerned.
These groups had separated on other grounds before the question of American involvement in war had arisen.
Bailey, Man in the Street, 11-13.
This fact was doubtless “well known” to the Japanese Intelligence Service and was one consideration which prompted the attack on Pearl Harbor.
This point is recognized by Churchill several times in The Grand Alliance.
Ibid., 343. If Stalin felt himself in such dire straits that he was willing to admit foreign troops, under foreign command, on his territory, it is most unlikely that he would have refused at this time a demand for giving up the gains of his pact with Hitler.
These Councils, held in the presence of the Emperor with the participation of the highest military and naval officers and civilian officials, were a familiar and regular mark of important Japanese state decisions.
See the New York Times of December 23, 1945, for a report of the memoir, as published in the Tokyo newspaper Asahi.
The Army Military Intelligence.
See the hearing before the Joint Congressional Committee Investigating Pearl Harbor, of February 2, 1946.
Morgenstern, Pearl Harbor, 219. This book contains an admirable summary of some of the salient points brought out in the Congressional investigation.
E. Roosevelt, As He Saw It, 25.
The New York Times, October 10, 1948.
By a ludicrously ironical decision taken at Yalta only nations which declared war against Germany by a certain date were adjudged “peace-loving” and hence eligible for membership in the United Nations.
This information is based on a well-informed private source.
These same publications attacked the temporary deal with Admiral Darlan which was of great military value in North Africa, called for a blockade of Spain, and were enraged over the policy of dealing with the Badoglio regime in Italy. They turned a blind eye to the far more serious threat of Soviet imperialist expansion.
This subject is treated in more detail in Chapter 11.
In this connection see Chapter 11.
Bohlen, an excellent Russian linguist with experience as a member of the Embassy staff in Moscow, had risen rapidly in influence during the later phase of the war. He was not only an interpreter, but a policy adviser at Yalta.
Roosevelt could scarcely have been altogether ignorant of the vast network of slave labor camps in the Soviet Union.
Churchill made the contents of this letter public in Parliament on December 10, 1948. See The (London) Times, December 11, 1948, p. 2.
It was not merely a question of Eisenhower’s personal view. The President and the War and State departments seem to have concurred.
This was emphatically not the impression of General Deane and of the great majority of other Americans who had to deal with Soviet officials.
The best and most vivid picture of this side of America’s wartime life is to be found in a novel, The Grand Design, by John Dos Passos. No future historian of the period can afford to overlook this revealing book.
Lyons’s book, The Red Decade, in which this phrase occurs, contains massive documentation on the extent of Communist influence in American intellectual circles during the decade before the war.
Not the famous general of the same name.
As one learns from his Memoirs, Hull was frequently irritated by the interference of Wallace’s Board of Economic Warfare with what the Secretary regarded as the proper functions of the State Department.

There is a line stretching from here to death
Fall so - definition such a waste of time.
"Before you return would you just like one more
Chance to enjoy the ocean or the stream
We will arrange a canoe or first-class steamer."
Who knows no end to, or when his joy began.

A disheveled young man came to the counter and asked for a room. She looked up from the newspaper. He seemed tense and kept shifting in his place.
The man kept his gaze averted as he said,“That’s fine.”
Something about him wasn’t right. She signaled to the porter who was standing in the corner of the lobby and he came over and accompanied the man to his room. The night receptionist, a burly young man with a twisted mustache, came in just then.“Lynn Khanoom, you’re so kind to have covered for me,” he said.
In the lobby of her small apartment building a few male tenants were sitting on the sofa, talking heatedly about the inflation, blaming America’s sanctions for it. Lynn didn’t always approve of the policies of her native country and a rush of guilt came over her, hearing the men.
As she entered her apartment she was struck by loneliness. Photographs of Karim and herself were everywhere, making her keenly aware of his absence. One, taken at their wedding three years ago stood on her dresser. They had their arms around each other and were looking into each other’s eyes.
“Is something wrong?” she heard a male voice saying in Farsi, which she had learned some in preparation for this trip. But she didn’t turn around.
“Are you American?” he asked, switching to English.
“Leave me alone,” she said, staring at the water.
“It isn’t safe for you to stand here at this time of the night. Let me walk you to where you live.”
“Please let me help you,” he said.
She finally gave in; his voice, warm and compassionate, was already helping to melt some of the ice on her chest. They began to walk towards the hotel; the back streets, except for stray cats, were empty. After walking for a few moments, they told each other their names. Then she told him why she was in Iran, her job; he told her he was going to school getting a degree from Tehran Culinary Institute and working part time for the Food Bank.
They crossed over to a street, lined by jewelry shops which were closed now but the gold, studded with precious stones, glittered in their windows. At the end of the street they reached a tea house, where men were sitting together, smoking water pipes. Teenage boys stood under streetlights or doorways, talking and laughing. One of them began to whistle softly;I'm only fourteen, full of dreams. Bright dreams like stars against a black sky.
A few doors down stood a cafe.“Do you want some tea and pastry?” Karim asked.
“The underground market is as big as the legal one,” he said, referring to the forbidden wine.
They moved to the sofa and kissed.
“You have such pretty hair, like a gold waterfall. I love your eyes too,” he said.“They’re like the blue sea.” He was talking like men in soap operas but nothing could make him ordinary for her.
They started seeing each other regularly. After work she usually went to his apartment. One evening, three months after they met, he proposed. He held her to him and said,“Oh Lynn, I’m madly in love with you. The moment I saw you I was stung.”
“I’m in love with you too,” she said.“I’ve never been so much in love.”
“My mother and aunt keep trying to find a wife for me but I never like the girls they choose,” he said.
He didn’t mind that she had previous boy friends, that his future bride wasn’t a virgin.“Everything about you is good,” he said earnestly.
She didn’t say,“We’ve known each other only for three months.” She had known Eric, since they were in junior high school yet it hadn’t worked out between them.
She was a little hesitant to commit to that. Not that she had anything against Islam; she wouldn’t like to marry in her own Dutch Orthodox religon either. Why did love have to be sanctioned by religion?
His mother and aunt were traditional Muslims, but they were tolerant, kind, and welcomed her, expressed gratitude that she was willing to go along with the Muslim ceremony. They were soft spoken, gentle women and adoring of Karim. It was clear they would approve of almost anything he did.
Everything was going smoothly. Then one evening Karim came home, looking preoccupied.“I have to deliver something tomorrow, will you come with me?”
“Karim, what happened, what’s wrong?”
“I just wonder if these people really deliver the food to the needy. There’s so much corruption.” He put his arm around her.“Lynn, what you and I have together is more important than anything else.”
Then there came the tragedy. A few nights later he was late coming home. Hours went by and he didn’t return. She didn’t like to call him unless necessary, since he often stayed in his office after his work hours to study. He still had one year left to get his degree from the culinary institute. He had told her it would be ideal if he could set up a restaurant in Hafez Hotel and be its cheff.
As more time went by and he hadn’t called or returned she became seriously worried. She called his cell phone but it was off and she could only leave a message. Then she tried his work number but no one answered. She turned on the TV to a news channel and watched with trepidation for reports of any accidents.
She was about to call one of the couples she and Karim socialized with but just then the phone rang. It was Fereydoon.“I’m sorry, Lynn... terrible news...” His voice cracked.
“Karim... explosives went off in the station wagon he was using to deliver food.” “Explosives?” The world began to swim around her.
“He didn’t make it alive to the hospital. I had a call from the police. They found my phone number in his address book, in his pocket.”
“He’s no longer in the hospital; they’re on the way to the morgue near Rey.”
“I want to see him, I can’t believe it...”
“The police said we have to wait until we hear from him. I’ll come to your apartment right now.”
At the morgue the policeman took both of them inside. Seeing Karim lying in the ice cold room, his face shattered, made his death all too real.“Yes, that’s him,” she said. Fereydoon repeated the same thing. The policeman took them to the station. Another policeman joined them and began to question them.
The hardest part then was her calling Karim’s mother and telling her what happened. She had waited this long because she couldn’t bring herself to. But now with the finality of his death quite sunk into her, she had to make the phone call.
For the days to come Karim’s friends, mother and aunt and other relatives, all tried through their connections in the mosques, the bazaar shops, different offices, to find a lead to who and why the bomb had been put in the station wagon. Had it been even aimed at Karim or someone else and what the motive was. But nothing.
In the morning when she reached the hotel, the beggar, Hadaghe, a middle aged, scrawny looking woman, wearing a dust covered rupush, was sitting across the street with her bronze bowl on the ground in front of her. She often came into the lobby and asked Lynn for charity. Lynn always gave her some money.
Lynn did not know if she could believe the half-crazed woman who often talked to herself, rambling about how she had once been rich and how everything was taken away from her by scoundrels in her own family, how she had murdered her beloved sister’s husband because he was abusing her.
She went into the lobby and looked at the reservation book and saw that the man had checked out. She called the police in hotel’s precinct and asked the policeman who answered if someone would come and inspect the basement.
Within the hour three policemen arrived.“We searched every corner, there’s nothing suspicious there.”
Copyright 2011, Nahid Rachlin. © This work is protected under the U.S. copyright laws. It may not be reproduced, reprinted, reused, or altered without the expressed written permission of the author.

That’s about five retail reward programs for every man, woman and child in the country. Image from Getty Images/Royalty Free.
slightly-altered images. Even though the European Parliament passed the Copyright Directive, it’s not locked into law quite yet. There’s still one more Parliament vote in January. If the Directive pas.
Under the new agreement, Arm is likely to remain bound to the label by contract, though she will be free to perform without f.
In a pioneering move, the trust will make images of copyright-expired works of art freely available. There is a catch, but I think it’s potentially quite a clever one. The free images will be limit.
This is a first-class version of Lovecraft’s story. You can just lie back and the words and music will create a satisfying mind movie. What I especially appreciated, as a longtime fan of this group’s Lovecraft offerings, is the humor evident in this radio play.
The service was a direct threat to Shutterstock, a market leader in online royalty-free stock photos that are available for purchase by news organizations, advertisers, marketers, etc. Like Adobe Phot.
About this mod. The mod before you is an English voice acting addon for Vigilant, brought to you by 23 incredibly talented voice actors and the author of the latest English translation.
Specifically, according to reports, “Article 13” of the Directive of Copyright in the. like the image of a character from a TV show or a movie. But they’re funny — and they’re an expression of free.
She said “it breaks my heart to think” that strangers could take photos of her young daughter and post them. said visitors.
The images secured. and another 50 await copyright permissions. During the course of the seven-year project, it is planned.
But its critics—including internet pioneers as well as tech giants like Google, Facebook, and Apple—argue that the reforms would hamper the free. copyright limitations and exceptions, that Article.
Ron Perlman is a classically-trained actor who has appeared in countless stage plays, feature films and television productions. Ronald N. Perlman was born April 13, 1950 in.
Mansions of Madness is a personal favorite. While set in the world of the board game Arkham Horror (the investigators and monsters will all be familiar to fans of.
Downloading — quite often stealing, in the eyes of the law — music, movies, books and photos is easier than bobbing for apples in a bucket without water. It has kept legions of lawyers employed fighti.
In the years during which the new EU Copyright Directive was being drafted. who succeeded in getting them voted through this week, in a disaster for free expression and the open internet. But Voss.

The former Milwaukee Hospital, founded in 1863, was shuttered 16 years ago, following a pattern of hospital closures in poor city neighborhoods all over the United States. The complex now houses City on a Hill, a nonprofit, as well as apartments.
Poor Health is an occasional series about the barriers to health and health care for low-income urban Americans.
Part Three: How to fix what's broken
Patients wait in line at a monthly clinic at City on a Hill, which is in one of Milwaukee's poorest neighborhoods.
Locally, in the distressed community of Braddock, residents fought a long battle against the closure of their local hospital. UPMC shut down the Braddock facility in 2010 and protesters gathered in the street as the building was razed months later, tolling a bell for the 104-year-old institution.
Hospitals and family doctors, the mainstays of health care, are pulling out of poor city neighborhoods, where the sickest populations live.
The Post-Gazette/Journal Sentinel analysis shows that nearly two-thirds of the roughly 230 hospitals opened since 2000 are in wealthier, mostly suburban areas.
As health systems open those facilities, they have been closing their urban counterparts. The number of hospitals in 52 major cities in the United States has fallen from its peak of 781 in 1970 to 426 in 2010, a drop of 46 percent.
Related: An introduction to this project and how we reported it
Locally, in the distressed community of Braddock, residents fought a long battle against the closure of their community's hospital. UPMC shut down the Braddock facility and razed the building in 2010 as protesters gathered in the street, tolling a bell for the 104-year-old institution.
One of those is the former Milwaukee Hospital. A small nonprofit called City on a Hill now operates in a wing of the large complex, which overlooks one of Milwaukee's poorest neighborhoods. Once a month, when the agency hosts a free clinic on a Saturday, a line forms more than an hour early and stretches down the block.
The closures have been going on for decades.
Between 1990 and 2010 alone, 148 nonprofit hospitals closed in the largest American cities, along with 53 for-profit hospitals.
In addition, five public hospitals closed, according to Alan Sager of Boston University, who has tracked and studied hospital closures in the United States. His research shows it's not just poor-performing hospitals being closed; the ones that shut down often are rated as being more efficient than those that remain.
"In a competitive free market, efficient hospitals would be likelier to survive," he wrote in a paper summarizing some of his research results. "That hasn't happened, providing evidence that no such market is present."
The newspapers' data analysis shows that doctors are scarcer in poor neighborhoods: Fifty-eight percent of the nation's 5,800 federally designated "primary care shortage areas" fall in census tracts of highest poverty in the 52 major metropolitan areas. In the 52 metro areas, at least one in five people live in a shortage area. Those areas also tend to have higher than average populations of people with disabilities.
As the presence of health care providers in low-income neighborhoods decreases, a growing body of evidence shows that poor people are more likely to be in poor health – indeed, poverty itself can make people sick.
Think of a child with asthma living in a mold-filled apartment, a man with an infected foot living on the streets and sleeping in his dirty, wet shoes, or a person with diabetes without a refrigerator to store insulin.
It is those higher-income areas, where people are healthier and mobile, that are most likely to get new hospitals. At the same time that UPMC was closing its hospital in Braddock, it was constructing a $250 million hospital in Monroeville, where the average household income is more than twice as high.
Or closing down a fire station in a neighborhood with a higher rate of fires?
The analysis focused on short-term acute care centers -- that is, hospitals with emergency rooms -- in metro areas with at least 1 million population.
For measures of poverty, median income and disability, the newspapers used the five-year American Community Survey from the U.S. Census bureau. Zip code tabulation areas were assigned to each hospital based on physical location, then compared to the broader metro area.
Lutheran deaconesses converted a farmhouse into a hospital in 1863. Milwaukee Hospital expanded during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The buildings shown here were later razed and replaced.
An early photo of the farmhouse on a hill that housed the original Milwaukee Hospital, founded as a charitable institution to serve the poor.
In the 1940s, U.S. hospitals became more focused on paying patients, and with the advent of health insurance fewer charity patients were served. This 1943 image shows the cashier's department at Milwaukee Hospital.
He traveled to Milwaukee to work with local leaders who wanted to establish a hospital for the poor. Four Milwaukee doctors volunteered their services for the new hospital.
Related: A timeline tracking the transformation of health care in the United States
"At that point, there was nothing here," said Diane De La Santos, executive director of City on a Hill. "It was all volunteer. The director was a pastor."
Around the country, dozens of similar institutions were founded. Look on the website of a typical health care giant and you'll find a version of the humble beginnings story:
In Buffalo, N.Y., Sister Ursula Mattingly – "one of God's trouble shooters" – was the first president of the Sisters of Charity Hospital established in 1848. It is now part of the Catholic Health system, a network of hospitals and clinics that serves western New York.
In Washington Territory in 1856, Mother Joseph of the Sacred Heart arrived to find "a new world of physical hardships" where there were no hospitals "and little in the way of charitable services for those suffering the misfortunes of life on the frontier." She established the hospital that eventually expanded into today's Providence Health & Services, an $8.7 billion health care system with facilities in Washington, Oregon, Alaska, California and Montana.
In the 19th and early 20th centuries, local governments – often counties – began to open public hospitals, designed to serve the poor.
The success of these programs encouraged more insurers to enter the health care market, and a labor shortage during World War II led to health insurance becoming part of many benefits packages, spurred by government tax incentives. Employers found that offering a health insurance package was a way to attract workers, and the federal tax write-off companies got for providing the benefit gave an incentive to make it a regular practice.
By 1968, 80.8 percent of Americans had health insurance coverage, according to a statistical report published by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Because a third party was paying, patients weren't deterred by the normal market mechanism – cost. And because health care providers were being reimbursed on a fee-for-service basis, they had little incentive to keep those costs down. Health care got more and more expensive. It also became lucrative for many providers and insurers, spawning a booming – and competitive – new industry. In the 1960s, the number of hospitals climbed, reaching its peak in 1970.
"If the way you survive is by selling stuff, why are you going to behave differently from other big businesses?" Mr. Gaynor said.
The Milwaukee Hospital complex, which changed its name to Lutheran Hospital in 1966, continued to expand, with additions in 1970 and 1974.
But even as hospitals added beds, technology and changes in Medicare were reducing the need for them. In the 1980s, Medicare switched to paying a fixed amount for specific services. This gave hospitals an incentive to send patients home as quickly as possible, since they got paid the same whether a patient stayed three days or seven days, for example, after a given procedure.
After three mergers in seven years, the system, which had been renamed Aurora Health Care, announced a three-year consolidation plan in 1988. It called for a reduction in beds from 913 to 581.
Within a decade, the west campus was shut down and the buildings were boarded up.
Health care providers and public officials often argue that the closure of a hospital in a dense urban area with other health care facilities doesn't have an impact on access to care for patients.
But the fact that urban dwellers have hospitals within reach doesn't mean they get what they need to be healthy or that closures don't affect their neighborhoods.
With the closure of the facility on Kilbourn Avenue, a community in which most residents live below the poverty line lost an institution that provided jobs and customers for area businesses. And crucially, it lost doctors.
The federal government designates areas with fewer than one physician per 3,500 residents as "health professional shortage areas." The Post-Gazette/Journal Sentinel data analysis shows that the majority of those are in urban poverty corridors (most of the rest are in rural areas). It also shows that those "health care deserts" expand when hospitals close.
The residents – less likely to have cars – often lack access to family doctors, as well as dentists, psychologists and psychiatrists.
"The supply of physicians and other health care providers in minority neighborhoods may be affected by lower quality of community amenities," Mr. Gaskin said. Lack of medical laboratories, medical supply companies, financing and credit for small business all act as barriers, he said, and drive up the cost of operating a practice.
Meanwhile, medical students facing education debt, which has soared in recent decades, are more likely to choose to enter higher-paid specialties, such as an anesthesiology or oncology.
Two-thirds of U.S. physicians are now specialists, well above the level in other rich democracies, where roughly half fall into that category. The United States has only about half as many family doctors per thousand people as other developed countries.
"I've worked at six different Milwaukee clinics that closed, including a clinic for the homeless and several low-income neighborhood facilities," said Bonnie Tesch, an Aurora physician who is the volunteer medical director of the clinic run by City on a Hill. "Usually it was because of political things, funding.
"The last one, honestly, no one told me it was closed. I arrived one day and there was a sign on the door, and that's how I found out, like the patients."
Aurora Sinai is the only hospital left in the downtown area, he said, and bears a huge burden in caring for the large numbers of poor patients there.
Officials from Milwaukee's big health care systems all said they worry every time they hear that a city hospital might close, because it would mean the load of uninsured or Medicaid patients would increase for the remaining urban hospitals.
A 2013 New England Journal of Medicine study found that nonprofit hospitals provide, on average, 7.5 percent of their operating expenses for IRS-defined community benefits. Such community benefits include education and other activities not related to the free or reduced-cost service many associate with the idea of charitable care. The average spent on free or reduced-cost care is around 2 percent.
Most U.S. hospitals are nonprofit and retain tax exemptions based in large part on the premise that they provide services to the community. But free or reduced-cost care for the poor is now a very small part of what hospitals do.
In a little over a century, poor people have gone from hospitals' reason for being to the patients hospitals most want to avoid.
Diane De La Santos (right), executive director of City on a Hill, at the organization's monthly health clinic with Ernestine Gurley, a regular patient there.
Diane De La Santos, then a vice president of public affairs at Aurora Health Care, learned the group was searching for a place to hold the August 2000 event and helped it get use of the parking lot of the vacant hospital complex.
Eight thousand people showed up.
The big turnout made it clear that the community had many unmet needs and that the empty hospital could have another life, Ms. De La Santos said. Four months later, Aurora transferred its four remaining buildings – 321,000 square feet – to the nonprofit now called City on a Hill.
Ms. De La Santos said she and others saw "the inevitable deterioration of a neighborhood when you pull out a large institution like that."
She started as a board member in 2001, then became a loaned executive two years later after the group had difficulties and went into debt.
By that time, "I was at a place in my life where I was more concerned with the significance of my life than with my career." She left Aurora and now heads City on a Hill.
City on a Hill runs on less than $900,000 a year; with 14 full-time employees and one part-timer, it relies heavily on volunteers. Ms. De La Santos does the grant writing and fundraising herself.
City on a Hill has chosen to focus on youth programs because that is where it sees the best chance of having an impact, Ms. De La Santos said. But the health needs of the community are great, and the monthly clinic has limited capacity. It serves an average of 306 patients a month in a neighborhood where 64 percent live below the poverty line.
In the city's far northern and far western suburbs, Aurora expanded into areas where patients make more and have insurance that pays more.
The facilities were built in the heart of the state's two wealthiest counties.
And both were built within five miles of existing hospitals.
John Patton Jr. arrives at the once-a-month clinic at City on a Hill, a nonprofit housed in a former hospital in Milwaukee. Mr. Patton has struggled to get a number of health problems addressed.
It's a slow process at City on a Hill, a nonprofit that runs a monthly free clinic in a poor neighborhood on Milwaukee's north side. Many in the chairs look tired or anxious as they wait for their number to be called.
He sprawls comfortably in his seat, throws his arms on the backs of the chairs next to him, and chats with those nearby. Then he focuses on the volunteer calling out numbers and waits a beat after she calls number 27 before booming out, Bob Barker style, "Number 27, come on down!"
"You know I'm a comedian to the highest degree," he confides as the room loosens and smiles.
Mr. Patton is a tall man with a broken-toothed smile; he uses his showman's voice to good effect in his annual gig as a Salvation Army bell ringer.
He's also an example of the complex interplay between poverty and health. Like many of the country's 46.5 million people living at or below the poverty line, he faces chronic health problems, doesn't get regular health care and lives in circumstances that make him sicker.
He has no regular job, until recently had no health insurance, and has health problems that include high blood pressure, a congenital heart defect, an injured back, gout, depression and the broken tooth. Mr. Patton, 51, dropped out of high school in his sophomore year. He says he has been told that he tested at third- or fourth-grade reading and math levels.
He has worked at a foundry, at restaurants, cleaning sports facilities, making commercial frozen pizzas and sorting clothes for a uniform service. In recent years, it's mostly been down to the bell-ringing and odd jobs for neighbors. He loves to read – celebrity bios, comic books, stories about UFOs – but struggles to write. He's lost at a computer keyboard.
He patches together his life making a circuit of neighborhoods near his home, mostly on foot. He knows people at clinics, social service agencies and emergency rooms.
During the past several months, he's been trying to work his way out of the cycle by seeking insurance and income.
City on a Hill has been a regular stop for him for two years. He can get a medical check, groceries, clothing, toiletries, a hot meal and prayers offered for him by volunteers. But the once-a-month clinic offers only very basic health care – screenings, prescription medication refills and checkups.
Mr. Patton waits in line to pick up groceries at City on a Hill.
A 2012 National Health Interview Survey found that nearly 80 percent of adults who visited emergency departments over a 12-month period said they did so because of a lack of access to other health care providers. Emergency rooms, which can't refuse patients, and clinics in poor neighborhoods, which usually don't refuse patients, serve the large urban populations that once had many more local doctors and hospitals.
Before he started going to City on a Hill regularly, Mr. Patton usually only sought care when he was sick or injured, and it was frequently at Aurora Sinai's ER. Sometimes he gets care at the hospital's clinic across the street.
Mr. Patton is one of nine children. He lives with his parents, a brother and sister in a small house on a well-maintained stretch of Cherry Street, in a neighborhood where more than 40 percent of the residents live below the poverty line. He hasn't been able to afford his own place for several years.
"He was a skinny, boney thing, but I remember he could draw like a whip," she says. "He was always waving and hollering, 'Hey!' Always drawing out on the circle."
Asked how he pays his medical bills, he responds, "I don't!" then muses, "I probably got bad credit. They send me bills."
A 2014 Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation report found one of every three Americans have difficulty paying their medical bills – either they have problems affording bills, or are still trying to pay back bills over time or simply can't pay them at all.
Often that debt dogs patients and drags down their finances. Medical bills account for the majority of all debt that is referred to third-party collection agents and for 17 percent of debt that is re-sold in the debt-buying industry, the study reported.
In the 2005 case record, his response is written on lined paper torn from a spiral notebook. It reads:
I John E Patton Jr. is on able to pay the money due to the fact i've lost my job and have no way to pay Aurora Health plus I own the IRS $5,000. I have no studry income at this moment.
Mr. Patton has been sued for non-payment of bills by Milwaukee health care systems. This image shows his handwritten response to a 2005 suit. He hasn't had regular work for years and didn't realize he could have qualified for free or reduced-price care.
Although he did not have regular employment at the time and might have qualified for charity care at a hospital, he didn't realize that was an option. Eventually the collections workers stopped contacting him, he says. "They realized I have no money to pay."
He later found out about an Aurora program that provides free and reduced-cost care for patients who have no insurance or financial problems.
"We'd rather be proactive and have someone who qualifies get help" paying hospital bills, says Mark Huber, vice president of social responsibility at Aurora. He says Aurora works to identify a patient's ability to pay up front and let those who need assistance know about programs available.
Jeff Smith, chief clinical officer, says it's cheaper in the long run to work with patients who have problems paying than pursuing them or turning them over to collection agencies.
After Mr. Patton went to the Sinai emergency room with chest pains in February, he wound up in the hospital for four days and left with a diagnosis of atrial septum defect – a hole in his heart. It's a congenital condition that poses no immediate threat, but doctors told him it could make him more vulnerable to stroke should he develop a blood clot.
Though he was enrolled in the hospital’s charitable care program, Patton got a bill in March informing him that current and past charges amounted to $23,817.40. Hospital officials told him it was a mixup and the charges have since been eliminated.
Such lapses in communication within and between medical care providers make it difficult for physicians working with patients who don't have a single source of regular care, such as a primary care doctor.
"Social Security's definition of disability is a condition that persists for 12 months or more that prevents you from working," Ms. Woodall says.
Since Mr. Patton worked after the injury, he did not qualify. They are trying to show he qualifies based on his current medical condition.
"A big thing with back injuries," she says, "is that without insurance the person can't get an MRI, and without an MRI you often can't prove the severity of the injury."
In addition, she says, many of those she sees can't get treatment, such as surgery or physical therapy, that might make them well enough to work.
Mr. Patton's spelling and writing are child-like. He wasn't sure how to spell the name of one of his sisters and could not subtract $45.72 from $100. So Ms. Woodall found it would be very difficult for him to do office work or any job that involved reading, writing or computer work.
Ms. Woodall had him fill out the form himself and then wrote in summaries of what he was trying to convey to show the evaluators the extent of his deficits. The initial application for disability benefits takes around six months. The first level of appeal usually takes three to four months, longer if there is a lot of new information being added.
In addition to illiteracy, many poor patients lack the skills to navigate the health care bureaucracy, including access to a computer or the ability to handle online applications and forms.
In February, Ms. Woodall finally sat him down at a computer in her office and helped him fill out an application form.
"OK, so that's it – you need to click 'next,' " Ms. Woodall said. "Whoops, let's get out of that – you don't want to click 'Vietnamese.' "
Mr. Patton laughed self-consciously and repeated over and over, "Oh, Lord!" as he looked up at the screen and back down at the keyboard.
"Where did I miss the train?" he asked under his breath.
"It's asking if you've ever had TB."
"You're doing it. You're on the train," Ms. Woodall said.
Mr. Patton checks a letter that he hoped would be word regarding his application for Social Security disability payments. It was not.
Although Mr. Patton knows the people and routines of the clinics he visits, he struggles to understand his health conditions. He wonders what the hole in his heart means, why he feels so tired, what the dark marks that have appeared on his skin mean.
Though the medical services at City on a Hill are limited, Mr. Patton feels at home there. He likes the fact that its executive director, Diane De La Santos, is always at the door to greet every arrival. There is a woman who comes in regularly on clinic days and is often confused.
She loves his upbeat spirit, but knows that he faces darker periods, and would like to have him get a psychiatric evaluation.
"I don't know what I'm supposed to do," he says. "Guess I'll just keep doing little odd jobs."
He had a longtime girlfriend until last year. "We never got married. Men – we are chicken. Fear of marriage kept me from doing it." She left him.
"There's down spirals – when you're without money trying to get here, get there," he says.
"If you or I had a crisis, we would probably have someone to call," says Ms. De La Santos. "But if all your relationships are broken, or with people who are in a more precarious situation than you, you don't have that."
Future installments in this series will examine the effect of hospital closures and new models for improving health care.

Originally, Castella cakes are made of four basic ingredients which are bread flour, eggs, sugar and sticky syrup like honey. Notice that there is no butter or oil being mentioned?
Is this recipe my ideal kind of recipe? I can't tell at this moment because I have to try other recipes too but this cake will be my benchmark for future comparisons.
Is this recipe fail proof? Yes and no... I would say that this recipe is pretty easy to bake but can fail easily if these essential steps are not followed properly:
1) Please use the exact weight of all ingredients especially the eggs because any difference can affect the overall texture of your cake.
3) Can't find a bottomless wooden frame to bake your Castella cake? No worries!!! You can line the sides of your standard metal baking loaf pan with 2 or more layers of foil with reference to my previous post at here.
4) As Castella cakes are baked slowly to create an uniform spongy texture, it is important to avoid using high oven temperature and also fan forced baking function. Plus, please be aware that all ovens can operate differently and you might have to use a different oven temperature setting from mine in order to bake your cakes more successfully. Here are a few strategies that I have seen and you might want to try to see if which will work the best for you:
And if you are not using a wooden frame, it is better to use a lower oven temperature setting to ensure the heat cooking the sides of the cake is rather minimal.
5) To be on the safe side, it is always better to over-bake your cake slightly than under-baking it because the uncooked cakes will shrink into a short yucky gummy cake after cooling. To gauge, you will see that the cake is ready when it bounce back after it is lightly pressed with your finger and you can't use an inserted skewer to test its doneness.
I'm happy to see that this recipe works perfectly!
Want to see how I baked this intriguing cake? Please watch this one-minute video.
Based of its perfect look, I would say that it is 100% Castella cake.
Is this recipe my ideal kind of recipe? NO!!! I like it but it is not the Castella cake that I'm after.
Here's the recipe that is adapted from Just One Cookbook and Cookpad (both are exactly the same!)
100g bread flour with about 12% protein
IMPORTANT: In order for this recipe to work perfectly, please ensure that all ingredients have to be in room temperature and need to be in their exact weight.
Using an electric mixer with whisk attachment, beat eggs and sugar at medium high speed until mixture is thick, pale yellow and voluminous, about 10 mins or more. The mixture is ready when you are able to use the attachment to scoop the batter and write a "8" on the rest of the batter without having the "8" disappearing.
Slice and serve. Store the uneaten cake in airtight container for up to 5 days at room temperature and they are still moist!
The cake just so beautiful! Love the little holes, so delicious...
Zoe, it seems like complicated to me hah...hah... But as usual, you do it so well!
Love it that you're on a quest to make the perfect Castella cake! Sounds like a worthy goal to me. :-) This looks terrific -- thanks.
One thing for sure ... I don't have the wooden mould. Glad could use loaf pan but still it looks complicated process ... Yeah I will stay tune for more of your upcoming Castella cake!
I'm pretty sure I've had this cake before but I definitely have never tried making anything like it. The delicate layers, oh you must plan and really be patient with removing those layers! I would need guidance on something like this if I ever were to attempt. I'm always glad to hear people discussing how something can be made better and things they would adjust to improve the results!
Hi, different egg can be different in its weight and I would strong encourage you to weigh all the eggs that you are using to bake this kind of tricky cake :)

Join a growing CPA firm in Lincoln, Nebraska. The position of Manager is all encompassing as it you will need the ability to handle Audit and Tax workload. This will be need to be a dynamic individual with multiple years of public...
An amazing opportunity to join a thriving Lincoln CPA firm as an Audit Manager. This opportunity does offer the candidate the ability to become a partner in this firm. Competitive salary ranging from 90K+, depending on experience. A...
OfficeTeam has an opening for a General Office Clerk who can keep an office organized and can handle a variety of social interactions. Various administrative support tasks are integral to this position, which include operating office...

The students shared the list on social media, but when the students responsible were identified, no one was disciplined, community members say. A spokesperson from the school district said that "appropriate disciplinary action" had been taken, according to the Root.
“The students themselves had no idea that their lives were being threatened,” said community activist Walter Wilson said during a Tuesday press conference. “The parents had no idea they were sending their kids to school in what they thought was a safe environment, which clearly it was not or may not have been.”
“Does one of these kids have to be killed before we start talking about it?” Brown said. “It’s a n*gger kill list. It’s an easy reference back to Columbine.”
By comparison, however, this past May two 15-year-old black girls were given detention, taken off of their track team, banned from extracurriculars and also banned from prom. Their offense was simply wearing box braids that, according to the school, were out of the dress code, which prohibits “extensions.”
Looking back at these instances, those involved in defending the black students at Monta Vista are asking for the appropriate punishment for what they see as not just an instance of bullying but as a possible “criminal threat."
For now, however, Sheriff Laurie Smith of the Santa Clara County Sheriff’s Office recently handed over the case to the District Attorney’s office.

Inner Peace (30 points): Balance an object on your head for 10 seconds.
Typical (30 points): Get hit in the head with a lavarock 5 times without using the tractor beam.
Freediver (42 points): At the beginning of the game, find a way to submerge under water.
We Need to Go Deeper (66 points): No way out, but forward.
You Have Tunneled into a New Area (66 points): Deeper and deeper.
Like the Beat of a Heart (66 points): It lives!
Metal Meltdown (66 points): A way out?
Escapist (66 points): Finish the game by escaping.
Promotion (66 points): Become a new janitor.
We Are in a Hurry (66 points): Pass the adjustable pumps without adjusting the pumps.
Nothing but Net (66 points): Throw a piece of coal into the oven without the piece touching anything, flying for 3 seconds.
That's Why Helicopters Need Elevators (76 points): Some things are just way too heavy.
Self-sacrifice (66 points): Sacrifice yourself at the end of Extended.
Rest in peace (66 points): Save yourself at the end of Extended.

December 5, 2018 - Simon And His Friends Get Together And Go All Out Sucking And Fucking In A Hot Threesome
December 5, 2018 - This Cute And Authentic Twink Tell Us The Little Details About His Life!
December 4, 2018 - Naughty Boys Getting Fucked In The Ass
December 4, 2018 - Horny Twink Getting Fucked In The Ass

And though there have been challenges and triumphs, Whistler's gay ski week, a crucial piece of the winter economic puzzle, is now being recognized for more than just its ability to bring guests to the resort.
She will read out the proclamation on Feb.9 following the first ever WinterPRIDE march through the village.
It doesn't seem like much, just a handful of typed sentences on a white paper with the gold municipal seal. And it does join the ranks of dozens of others official days, weeks and months proclaimed by council, some of which have little real impact.
That much is evident at a retrospective gathering held at an upscale car dealership just off of the Granville Street Bridge in Vancouver last week. For the 50 or so people gathered there, some of whom were at the first gay ski week, that proclamation is everything.
Homosexuality is banned in nearly 80 countries and subject to the death penalty in at least six.
When Nelson tells the crowd standing around the luxury cars that the Pride flag will fly at municipal hall for the first time ever this year, there's a swell of applause.
For Wayne Hartrick, who has watched the growth of gay ski week first hand, it's testimony to how far they've come.
"It's a real statement... that we're really as a group accepted and welcomed," says Hartrick.
"It's a real sense of feeling like... you're OK."
Whistler prides itself on being an open-minded place to live and vacation — even so Nelson has said previously that there is usually one homophobic incident each year during WinterPRIDE. In 2010 Pique reported Nelson as saying: "It (homophobia) is not normal. It is more of a one-off situation where you have new employees coming in and there might not be sensitivity to diversity issues where they come from." In 2009, a patron was leaving a bar and was "roughed up." In years past some GayWhistler signs were vandalized.

After the Russian-built launch vehicle has successfully deployed the ExoMars platform on the Martian surface, the platform will, in turn, deploy the ExoMars rover for it to begin its search for evidence of life on the Red Planet.
Meanwhile, the surface platform will stay stationary at the landing site for the entire one Earth-year duration of the mission, investigating the surface environment with the help of an array of onboard sensors and instruments.
The tricky part, however, was in choosing a suitable landing site, as the ESA had learned the hard way when the Agency’s ExoMars Schiaparelli’s attempted landing on the planet ended in disaster in 2016.
It was the ExoMars program’s Entry, Descent and Landing Demonstrator Module (EDM), designed to measure atmospheric electricity and local meteorological conditions on the Red Planet, in addition to testing technology for future soft landings, which of course was not to be.
In addition to studying the Martian atmosphere’s trace gases, the TGO will serve as the communication link for the ExoMars 2020 rover and surface platform if all goes well with the 2021 landing.
That brings us back to the landing issue which the ESA has been working on since that last four years.
The final call, however, will be taken by ESA and Roscosmos bigwigs a year prior to the 2020 launch.
Located about 18 degrees north of the Martian equator, Oxia Planum has an abundant presence of clay-bearing rocks, rich in iron and magnesium.
The findings will give scientists a deep insight into the planet’s past and help them determine if life ever existed on the Red Planet.
There is no denying the fact that scientists have enough evidence that Mars hosted water in the past, making it the most likely of all planets where life could have existed.
In fact, as recently as earlier this year, researchers at the Italian Space Agency discovered compelling, but inconclusive, evidence of liquid water under the desolate, inhospitable Martian surface.
Published on July 25 in the journal Science, the findings of the new study point toward the possible existence of a lake of liquid water beneath the planet’s south polar ice cap.
Probing the Planum Australe – the southern polar plain of Mars – between May 2012 and December 2015, MARSIS was able to compile radar profiles that were found to contain evidence of a body of liquid water trapped less than a mile (1.5km) below the ice-capped surface, stretching laterally for about 12 miles, or 20km.
While the MARSIS data didn’t help in determining the vertical depth of the subsurface water layer, the researchers did estimate it to be at least one meter thick.
“Quantitative analysis of the radar signals shows that this bright feature has high relative dielectic permittivity (>15), matching that of water-bearing materials. We interpret this feature as a stable body of liquid water on Mars,” they said.
The authors strongly believe in the possibility of more such water bodies lying hidden beneath the Martian surface, based on the simple logic that they haven’t found any evidence that suggests otherwise.
“There is no reason to conclude that the presence of subsurface water on Mars is limited to a single location,” wrote the authors.
Head of the research team and lead author of the paper, Prof Roberto Orosei from the Italian National Institute for Astrophysics was upbeat about the possible presence of more such subsurface water reservoirs on the plane.
“This is just one small study area,” Orosei said in a statement. “It is an exciting prospect to think there could be more of these underground pockets of water elsewhere, yet to be discovered.”
“We have long since known that the surface of Mars is inhospitable to life as we know it, so the search for life on Mars is now in the subsurface,” said Dr. Manish Patel, as quoted by BBC Science reporter Mary Halton in her July 25 piece on the study.
Talking about life on Mars, early last month, NASA announced that its nuclear-powered Curiosity rover had discovered organic matter embedded in the sedimentary rocks of the three-billion-year-old Gale Crater on the planet.
The organic molecules found in the ancient bedrock suggested that conditions back then may have been ideal to support some form of life, with a good chance that microorganisms once thrived on Mars.
Regardless of the origin of the organics, their presence itself meant that they were a good source of food for any microbes that may have existed back then.
Coming back to the ExoMars 2020 mission, the rover will traverse the Martian surface during its months-long mission, drilling and extracting samples from various depths, up to a maximum of two meters.
“Once collected, a sample is delivered to the rover’s analytical laboratory, which will perform mineralogical and chemistry determination investigations,” says the site.

There are two million people living with or beyond cancer in the UK. This figure is set to rise to four million in 2030
It's a cause for celebration that more people than ever are surviving after a cancer diagnosis but we know the impact of cancer doesn't suddenly stop when treatment is over.
We are working in partnership with Macmillan Cancer Support to help improve the experience of people living with and beyond cancer.
We want everyone who is diagnosed with breast, bowel or prostate cancer to live well after a diagnosis. this means:
Getting your care in a way and place that works for you;
Care and support designed around you and those close to you;
We believe everyone should experience high quality cancer care and support.
About the programme (for healthcare professionals)
For more information on The Macmillan Living With and Beyond Cancer Programme please contact:
Advisory group helping to shape the experience of others (21 May 2018)
Having a meaningful conversation about cancer (28 March 2018)
Getting the right cancer support when it's most needed (21 February 2018)
The vital role of social support after cancer (12 December 2017)
Funding to provide personalised care for people with cancer (11 December 2017)
Having a meaningful conversation (16 May 2017)
Opportunity for people affected by cancer (14 December 2016)
Talking to the real experts (6 July 2016)
More people diagnosed with the most common cancers last year (20 April 2016)
Our infographics provide an overview of breast, prostate and bowel cancer in your area. Using specially commissioned data we can start to understand the local story of cancer.
Our interactive infographic allows you to easily compare the regional story of cancer, click on the map to move between areas.
Opportunity for people affected by cancer (news)
If you want information or just to chat, call Macmillan on 0808 808 00 00 (Monday to Friday, 9am–8pm) or visit the Macmillan website www.macmillan.org.uk

The experience also includes two nights' accommodation at the fantastic Hotel Grand Cavour in Florence, one of the most exclusive locations of the Tuscan capital, which is just a few kilometers from Lajatico.
The package, valid for two people, includes the following benefits:
2 nights at the 4-star Grand Hotel Cavour in Florence
Amy and her music touched the lives of millions, and when she tragically passed away on July 23, 2011, aged only 27, it didn’t just break the hearts of her family and close friends—it had a huge impact all over the world.
That’s why her family felt it was important to keep her memory alive. On September 14th of that year, they set up the Amy Winehouse Foundation—on what would have been Amy’s 28th birthday.
The Amy Winehouse Foundation works to prevent the effects of drug and alcohol misuse on young people. It also aims to support, inform and inspire young people to help them reach their full potential.
The Foundation works with vulnerable and disadvantaged young people both directly and alongside a range of specialist organizations and other charities whose expertise allows them to get help to those who need it most.

For the past 18 years, Jeff built a career in design, creating conceptual—and oftentimes elaborate—visualizations for events and trade shows. Working in-house for most of his career, he later ventured into self-employment to create work-life balance and gain more control over his craft.
Jeff experienced a rather smooth transition as a , taking advantage of opportunities from previous clients and employers. He eventually learned how to build a sales identity, collaborate with global firms and was on a constant pursuit of new challenges.
But there was one challenge that Jeff says he didn’t quite consider in the beginning: Administrative work and accounting.
To keep track of it all and ensure nothing fell through the cracks, Jeff recorded his time in an app on his mobile device and kept separate spreadsheets for invoices and expenses.
“In effect, every client of mine had a custom method of tracking and invoicing which all took time,” he says. “I could be spending as much as 10–12 hours a week on this process, which was time away from my billable time.
I knew there had to be a better choice.”
Searching for an All-in-One Solution
Curious there was something better out there, he began his search for an all-around solution that he could easily access from his mobile device, as he often worked on the go.
“It had to be completely mobile as I routinely travel with my work and switch between devices,” he explains.”
But the options at the start weren’t favorable.
“I tried a few demos but kept on getting frustrated,” he says. “I would find this really great invoicing app that would work across platforms, but then would find a limitation somewhere. I had a time tracker, but it wasn’t specific to the activity during this time.”
At a certain point, Jeff says he was convinced there wasn’t a tool out there built for him.
“I felt that most of these packages would work really great for someone in a different field or someone who was selling a specific item or service, but I needed something that was more flexible and responsive to my work.”
Then Jeff discovered FreshBooks. After a couple of trials, he fell in love with the platform.
“I felt as if I was creating time since I regained so much that had been lost to inefficient systems,” he explains.
After taking FreshBooks for a test drive, Jeff finally signed up to receive the service for good. And for three years, he can confirm he hasn’t looked back.
“All the features were carefully considered and presented in a user-friendly format. With the level of accounting that I needed for my business, this had all the answers.”
“The vast majority of my work is billable by the hour, and I can so easily switch between projects and record my time,” he says. “I have all the tools I need to make sure that my timing is consistent with where it should be, describe what I am actively doing while working, and then turn it into an invoice without forgetting anything. This is invaluable to me and my income.”
“I have been fortunate not to have many issues at all, but I do know that whenever I have had a question, the customer service and response has been so quick that I’ve come to expect that from every other company out there!”
As a result of transitioning to the cloud to help manage his business, Jeff says he is now able to reclaim his productive work time to FreshBooks.
“On a daily basis I can easily record all of my work,” he explains. “I can produce effective invoices without having to reference daily time notes and spreadsheets and, come tax time, I already have my income and expenses pulled together.”
“By keeping everything together and automated when possible, I’m saving as many as 10–12 hours a week which I can either invest into active projects, education or gain back that time that would have been taken away from my family,” he says. “Often my accounting needs were filled in “off-hours” which meant longer and longer work days.”
Investing in Cloud Accounting: Is It Worth It?
Jeff says he often wondered in the beginning if the extra monthly expense was really necessary. After all, he was getting all the tasks that he needed to done. Plus the costs of his previous solution were more a pain on his productivity than his wallet. But then he took a closer look at its worth.
“You need to invest in accounting software so that you can focus on your business. With any other platform, you run the risk of time-consuming processes, errors and inefficiencies. If you could fix all of that, what would you do with the time you saved?”

All she wants to do is suck and fuck me all day

If a nested function has no return value, replace it with
a macro that expands to a block, otherwise, use a "statement expression".
and pass them all required parameters in a "closure" list.
/* Collect the unique sets and sort them.  */
+         sections this is all that needs to be checked.
+      what is already in the section at the given
+      /* Now finally put in the new value.  */
-       /* If the symbol table hasn't changed, do not do anything.  */
-       /* If the symbol table is not discarded, but additionally
-   is discarded, don't adjust anything.  */
+         /* If the symbol table hasn't changed, do not do anything.  */ \\
-  /* These are the types we can relocate.  */
-         sections this is all that needs to be checked.
-         The addend is contained in the original data at
-         just remove the relocation, it isn't needed
-      what is already in the section at the given
-      /* Now finally put in the new value.  */

We love our therapeutic grade essential oils. These can be incorporated to enhance your massage therapy experience.
This technique for the "Mother-to-be" is extremely helpful in reducing discomfort. The therapist will apply pressure accordingly and there will be careful attention to specific areas of concern. This massage service is also helpful in relieving joint pain as the body changes dramatically.
This service is similar to swedish massage. We will travel to nursing homes, hospitals or facilities of care. The pressure used during this massage will be adjusted per client needs and careful attention to areas of concern. The soothing touch to the client is very comforting.
Use the offer code: take15 to receive 15% off of your massage.
During this session 2 individuals can receive a massage therapy treatment at the same time. This therapy provides the same benefits as any of the other treatments offered. Couples, family or friends can all enjoy this service.

Hans takes the bacon, ties it to a rope, and drags it away behind him.
We should break all these mistaken ties that were made in blindness, and determine to marry each other.
It seems right to me sometimes that we should follow our strongest feeling; but then, such feelings continually come across the ties that all our former life has made for us,--the ties that have made others dependent on us,--and would cut them in two.
You feel, as I do, that the real tie lies in the feelings and expectations we have raised in other minds.
At a signal from the former the latter would step aside, the plank would tilt and the condemned man go down between two ties.
He came rushing into the nursery with the crumpled little brute of a tie in his hand.
Let me try, dear," she said, and indeed that was what he had come to ask her to do, and with her nice cool hands she tied his tie for him, while the children stood around to see their fate decided.

The company said the 35.26 carat brown diamond was among a number of rough gems found at its Merlin mine, including a 14.6 carat brown rock as well as a number of smaller white diamonds.
Shares in the company jumped 7% to $0.015 after the announcement.
Last month, the company found a very rare blue coloured diamond, believed to be the first blue gem produced at Merlin.
In June last year, a massive intense blue diamond, known as The Cullinan Dream, fetched $25.4 million at a Christie’s auction in New York, breaking all records and becoming the most expensive gem of its kind ever sold at auction.
See also: The largest pink diamond ever found in Australia

i want to Create an Estimate in QuickBooks. how can i create?
can I create an estimate by myself or I need an expert? please tell me all the steps
An estimate is a bid. It works. It’s used document sheet which provides customers, the list of the products and services that you will plan to provide and it also shows service or product charges.
You can create your estimates in QuickBooks, email them to customers, and then convert them into invoices after you complete the work.
-go to home screen, click on Menu and go to “Customers” select Estimate.
– click + Add new at the top of the drop-down menu.click + Details.
-click Save in the bottom right corner.
-enter the name of the products and services, click + Add new at the top of the drop-down menu options available
Enter the Quantity, Rate and Amount for the product or service you plan to provide.
-click Save and Send to email the estimate to your prospective customer.
-Then choose from the styles available.
-Fom the Header section, and replace “Estimate”Click Save when you’re finished.
for more information visit on:How to Create an Estimate in QuickBooks

Work Supplies: Students are expected to have the following:
Pay Checks: Grading will be based on the following percentages:
○ Participation (a positive member of our community who contributes to class discussion and group work)
**You cannot pass without doing your homework. This is not negotiable! If you come to class unprepared (i.e. without HW, you lose points for that day and you already lost your homework grade! Don’t make the mistake)
***You cannot pass without doing the major essays. It’s just simple math!
Each student begins the cycle with an A in class participation. As high school students, we assume everyone is capable of keeping these points by acting like mature adults.
Docked Pay: However, students will permanently lose points for each of the following:
- If you have an excused absence (see student handbook), you will be given extra time for missed assignments, equal to the number of days absent.
- Cheating, of ANY type, will result in a ZERO on the assignment for all people involved. This includes plagiarizing from the Internet! You also put yourself in jeopardy for getting a ZERO for the entire cycle.
- Each student will receive a daily participation/behavior grade out of a total of 10 points depending how much he/she participates and how well he/she behaves in class each day.
The format of this course and the nature of the topic that we will be discussing require that class remain a safe-space at all times. Students will be asked to make presentations, share their opinions, and disagree with their fellow students and their teacher. Such mature dialogue can only happen in an environment where all members are respected as individuals. You are expected to act as high school students; there will be little tolerance for immaturity. Therefore:
1. Have respect for everyone at all times. Show this through appropriate language, dress and behavior. Use only positive language and behavior.
2. Come to class on time and ready to work.
3. Keep your desk clear of everything except the materials that you need for class. Please bring in on a daily basis whichever text we are reading in class.
4. Keep cell phones and other electronics out of the room.
5. Food or drink is allowed in the classroom only when it’s provided by the teachers. Water is acceptable.
6. Raise your hand to speak and contribute to class unless we are having an open discussion.
8. You must see me whenever you return from an absence. It is the student’s responsibility to get class notes, assigned homework and any handouts. We do not track down students.
Consequences for Breaking a Rule:
1. You will get a warning the first time and must speak to us individually inside or outside of the room.
2. You will be asked to stay after class or after school.
4. We will assign you a suspension.
- In each instance, you will lose points towards your participation/behavior grade, which is 30% of your marking period grade.
Like any job, this class includes a work schedule (due dates), employee responsibilities (expectations), evaluations (tests/projects) and payments (grades) based on completion and quality of all assignments. We have read and understood the expectations and are ready to work hard this year. Most importantly, we understand that being in high school means learning to act like a mature adult.

Bottom Line: Definitely something to try out once you have enough material to both have things for free, and to have things for sale. I’m not there yet, but am working on it.
“He has identified a problem, and it’s one we’ve been talking about for years,” says Bookreporter.com president Carol Fitzgerald. “For most authors, the book tour is dead. It’s really, really hard to get it to work.”
However they also noted that there are other reasons to hold a book tour, related to being able to pitch the book to local media and have them review and discuss the book, attracting attention even if nobody comes to the reading.
Bottom Line: Does not appear to move enough books to be worth the cost.
Needless to say it was packed, and a marvelous experience, and I am very grateful to have been involved.
Bottom Line: Each event has to be evaluated for its own merits. Events in which multiple books are featured, your travel costs are limited, and even better, there is free wine, are definitely ones to consider.

It's been two years since the deadly Woodmore bus crash, and in that time, Chattanooga Police Department leaders say, they've been reflecting on what worked well and what needs improvement should disaster strike again.
Chattanooga is no stranger to tragedy.
On June 25, 2015, a nine-vehicle crash killed six people, two of whom were children, after Benjamin Brewer's tractor-trailer crashed into slow traffic near Interstate 75's Exit 11 in Ooltewah, Tennessee.
Community gives $112,000 to families of children killed in bus crash
Neighbors of the bus driver charged with vehicular homicide said he was 'just an ordinary guy'
"When you talk about a school bus, just about every one of us has sat on one and many of us have put our kids on one," Chattanooga police Chief David Roddy told the Times Free Press. "So it immediately connects and impacts everyone's perspective, because they've had a personal connection to what this community experienced."
The driver, 25-year-old Johnthony Walker, was found guilty earlier this year on six counts of criminally negligent homicide, 11 counts of reckless aggravated assault and seven counts of assault.
In the midst of the chaos immediately after the crash, the Chattanooga Police Department had a set of monumental tasks to complete: investigate the incident, communicate with families and juggle the hundreds of calls flooding in from people looking for answers.
Details of the investigation still can't be discussed because of ongoing litigation, but how the department responded to the bus crash was highlighted at a recent International Association of Chiefs of Police conference. Specifically, the department said, the Woodmore crash helped shape the way it deals with families in mass casualty events.
Earlier in 2016, the police department had established a new unit to provide support services for victims of crimes — things such as crisis counseling and courtroom support. The Victim Services Unit, led by Caroline Huffaker, was just starting to get off the ground, and by November she had a three-person team in place. Before the unit existed, victims' needs were met by the responding officers or investigators, but that process wasn't formally organized.
Her unit responded the night of the crash.
Their main struggle, Huffaker said, was the newness of the unit and the volume of need. They were still learning the best way to partner with officers and what their role was during an investigation. With so many victims, it was a large task.
But families needed help, and fast.
The crash, which happened just before 3:30 p.m. on the Monday before Thanksgiving break, sent more than 30 children to the emergency room at T.C. Thompson Children's Hospital at Erlanger. There, hospital staffers were tasked with the impossible: identifying the victims.
And then there were the panicked family members who packed the hospital's waiting room looking for answers.
"We wanted to make sure we didn't spread ourselves too thin but maintain the quality of care we strive for," Huffaker said.
Normally, the then-three-person team would come in the day after an incident, and they'd usually have a lot more information about the investigation on hand. With Woodmore, however, they didn't have that because of how critical it was. They were needed at the scene where things were unfolding in real time.
And it's not just a one-day effort. Huffaker's team, if needed, stays with victims' families as they navigate grief and lawsuits.
In the past two years, her unit has grown in size, and it's expanding the way it handles victim services.
The streamlining of the process is "not just to make it a sterile, non-emotional event," Roddy said. "We have a direct responsibility to make sure that loved ones know the condition of their child or spouse or parent."
Part of that process includes tracking which families have gotten updates on their loved ones and paying attention to the way in which those notifications are made so that it's a sympathetic and empathetic process, especially when there is a death.
One way in which the department keeps track of that is through checklists, Huffaker said.
For example, if a nonprofit community partner offers help, the policies are there ahead of time so they're "not sitting there trying to hash out who does what."
"We're essentially pre-emptively having all of these conversations that way, when we call upon [a partner], they can pull up that document, and tell their employees, 'This is your lane, this is what you're gonna do, and this is how you're gonna do it,'" Huffaker said.
For Roddy, one of the department's biggest takeaways has been understanding there is "more to an event than just the event."
There's been an emphasis on having a "trauma-informed," understanding of what grief and trauma looks like, so that officers can respond appropriately.
"Everybody expresses grief in a different way," he added.
Institutionalizing those procedures into policy is the first step in making them a part of the department's culture and identity, Roddy said.
"That level of support, that understanding, that trauma-informed care, is not just [for] the victim services [unit]," he said. "It happens at the patrol officers response. For us, learning [victim response] is no different than learning how to search a building."
That's what Huffaker said she wants people to understand.

The Maryland Historical Trust Library is open to historic preservation consultants on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays by appointment only. Please read the information below before scheduling your visit. For further information or to schedule an appointment, contact Lara Westwood by email at lara.westwood@maryland.gov or by phone at (410) 697-9546.
All material relating to Maryland's archeological sites is accessible only to qualified researchers with a valid Medusa account (see below). If you need access to this material, and you do not already have a valid Medusa account, please be sure to allow sufficient time for your account request to be processed.
Full User Accounts. If you meet the Secretary of the Interior's Professional Qualification Standards for Archeology, you can obtain a "full" account that allows you off-site (remote) as well as in-Library access to the archeological data. Please allow up to two weeks for processing your request.
Proxy Accounts. An archeologist with a valid Medusa account can also request one or more "proxy" accounts for individual co-workers or students who need access to the archeological database for compliance or research projects. Typically proxies are people who work for contract firms or who are students working under a professor's guidance, and who may not meet the Secretary's Standards on their own.
For More Information About Requesting an Account. Please contact Gregory Brown at 410-697-9538 or gregory.brown@maryland.gov.
Architectural Reports are stored in the MHT Library; these include historic structures reports, survey reports, and other more extensive documentation of particular properties. Requests for copying will be granted on an as-needed basis and based on the condition of the material. There is a copying fee.
Note that you will need a valid Medusa account to access this material.
"Full" (non-proxy) Medusa account holders can also view this information off-site at https://mht.maryland.gov/secure/medusa, although you will still need to schedule a visit to view the paper forms, any associated resource reports, and maps of resource location. You may also find useful the MHT Archeological Synthesis Project (https://mht.maryland.gov/archeology_synthesis.shtml).
Archeology Survey Reports and other more extensive documentation of particular sites are stored in the MHT Library. Copying of these materials is restricted, and responses to requests are decided based on individual situations. There is a fee.
Please remember your Medusa password if you are accessing archeological information (you will need it to log on at the Library), and bring a flash drive or something to store your data. Also, you must have your project location clearly marked on a USGS topographic map (not an aerial view).

Mudflats and ponds of Ria Formosa, a unique coastal mesotidal lagoon, separated from the ocean by a system of barrier islands and inlets, with very high biodiversity and an ideal natural laboratory protected by national and international legislation, which can be accessed by foot or boat.
In-situ sampling facilities and monitoring equipment.
In-situ studies for investigating marine biological systems at various levels, from biochemistry and molecular biology through genetics, physiology, behaviour, ecology and oceanography
Visitors will be able to work independently. CCMAR will support their research work by providing:
general services: internet access, documentation, etc.
CCMAR offers a range of services and supporting facilities for holding events (meetings, conferences, workshops, courses) and liaising with business.

Rules: if you're tagged, make sure to add one more ideal "thing" to the list, besides the items that are already there. Be as descriptive and random and silly as you want.
Book: One with my name underneath the title (Yeah, at the rate I'm going that's never going to happen.).
Adventure: Hm... I'm really not much of an adventure person. I'd much rather just write about it, while in a five star hotel. Heh. Or just my bed. I've never been outdoorsy, I do like to travel though.
I tag... Gosh, who hasn't done this before? Um... NerdGoddess?
That's totally my ideal day, too.
And the ideal birthday doesn't sound too bad either. ;)
I'm glad you tagged me. I can't think of anything to post about anyhow. ;)

I´m looking for a complete set of original wood trim for a Ferrari 365GT 2+2.
Now we want to restore the car back to original spec.
I´m glad for any help or recommendations.
Pick up a copy of "Original Ferrari V12" on Amazon, and start from there... I've never seen one where the dash trim and center console wasn't black. The wood is also wrong, but I agree-- you could leave it unless you are going for concours points or something.
Were there choices of wood when the cars were new, or were they all the same? Mine has sort of a matte finish, which seems to be the most common, although I've also seen shiny finishes as well.
I believe the wood is teak. I'm doing some repairs on my glove box (1968 gtc) it is veneer on both sides over some sort of laminated plywood. It is about 8mm thick and has a satin semi gloss finish.
Also (long shot here) -- are you 100% sure it was replaced by somebody and wan't some kind of custom order from new? It would be worth confirming to be 100% sure because if it was done by factory that uniqueness probably raise the value of the car as something of a one-off.
I agree with checking on the originality. I'd also inquire about the interior color, and particularly the dashboard and console covering. I've never seen one like that (they've all been black), but you never know what some special customer might have wanted.
Can you reveal the serial number?
Just my two cents in a world where pennies are mostly irrelevant.
Check on originality, but probably someone in the early 80s decided they wanted it to look that way, and just did it.
You might confirm originality by getting a mirror and looking for the serial number or Pininfarina sequence number on the back. Many interior and body parts have the serial number marked in crayon to keep them with the proper car.
Thank you all for the response!
Ferrari would never do this from factory back in these days.
I´m at the moment not in the position to check the VIN, but i will do as soon as possible.
Let's clear up one thing: it's "Queen Mother" not "Queen Mary."
As for the switches, I would try Tom Shaughnessy. He may also have the other interior pieces as well, or at least something which could serve as a starting point. Otherwise, you will probably need to find an existing car to use as a template.
I don't think the walnut looks bad but the dash covering needs to be set right! Regarding the teak panels , you could try talking with O'rourke Coachtrimmers in the UK. If they don't do it themselves I'll bet they know someone who does and they're not too far away, all things considered.
you are right... they look correct except for color.
In the sixties, there was not much alternative to linseed oil. This leaves quite an overpowering smell in the car for a long time. Now there is Danish oil which is finer and has less of an odour. Probably better to use it instead of Linseed oil

... utterly dominates the frontiers of human flight.
The chain, pictured here in front of a portrait of jailed opposition leader...
... is trying to get the last of the oil and gas out of the Russian Arctic,...
... Washington about troops celebrating on the front lines around the world.
Click the image of the front page above to explore The Times' coverage.
... of the major health care issues facing the U.S. They have done extensive ...
Great News: Hundreds of Thousands of 'Non-Essential' Government Bureaucrats ...
I have exercised my right as Commander and Chief, with the agreement with ...
... (pardon the pun) the Harvey kids comics of the sixties and seventies.
Pardon the camera string that somehow got in the shot, I was in a hurry.
“Like” and “share” this post to vote for Cobbler: http://wh.gov/turkey
Please contact us to confirm the departure date for this tour.

Located in Lakeview, Advanced Spine & Sports Care uses the most up-to-date information and technology to provide the best chiropractic care to patients throughout Chicago.
Neck, shoulder and arm pain, tingling or numbness
All types of sports, dance, and work injuries

Low Care, traditionally known as Hostel Care, is a type of residential care for people who are more independent and physically able than those requiring Nursing level care, but who may still need daily assistance and support, such as dressing, bathing and eating.
We have an ageing in place philosophy, which means that if a person’s care needs increase over time we try to support them in the same facility without them needing to move to a nursing home bed in another facility.
In low care we have a particular focus on improving the general fitness levels of our residents. The exercise physiology team offers residents the chance to participate in 31 group exercise sessions each week in low care. Residents can also have a tailored exercise program that suits their individual needs and abilities.
Our pastoral care team is available to provide support to residents who have a religious faith and who wish to maintain contact with their church.
Each facility has its own dining, lounge and internal courtyard areas. The interior décor reflects a modern, comfortable environment with large photographic canvasses, and stimulating colour schemes. Most dining areas have tones of red and orange which are known to stimulate appetite and provide a sense of warmth and comfort.
Our fleet of three buses, two of which are wheelchair accessible, take residents out more than 10 times per week, regularly travelling as far as Wollongong, the Northern Beaches, the Eastern Suburbs, the Blue Mountains and everywhere in between. Fish and chips at La Perouse is a favourite bus outing for many residents.
The on-site hairdresser is readily available to all residents. She can come to residents if for any reason it is not convenient to visit the salon.
Free cable TV and Wi-Fi Internet are two additional benefits that residents can enjoy in our low care facilities.

Like many people, I'm addicted to reading about Steve Jobs. I've said before that he's a towering figure whose name will be on a par with Ford or Rockefeller--an all-time great. But I've also had a hard time reconciling the greatness and pettiness of the man.
"In one camp are what you might call the acolytes. They’re businesspeople who have taken the life of Steve Jobs as license to become more aggressive as visionaries, as competitors, and above all as bosses....
The second camp is what you might call the rejectors. These are entrepreneurs who, on reading about Jobs since his death, have recoiled from the total picture of the man—not just his treatment of employees but the dictatorial, uncompromising way that he approached life."
I freely admit to being a rejector. After all, as early as 2006, I wrote that I'd rather prioritize family over business success:
Yet I understand the hero worship of the acolytes. Jobs is the greatest business genius of our time, and a man of nearly unparalleled charisma, the kind of man who could win over a room even as he was insulting them:
It's like a beautiful actress with a "difficult" personality--she gets parts in spite of her personality, not because of it. Or, as one writer put it when describing a young Denise Richards, "Let's face it--if she looked like Kathy Bates, she'd be slinging Popcorn Chicken at KFC."
By all means, have high standards and demand greatness. Those are Jobs character traits that helped him succeed. But don't lump them in with his cruelty and selfishness. For every 1,000 wannabe entrepreneurs that revel in their "bluntness," I'll bet there's 999 assholes who are doomed to failure, and one entrepreneur whose talent somehow manages to compensate for his toxic personality.
You Never Have The Perfect Tools For The Job
Why You Have To Be A Value-Added Investor
The Real Problem With Shiny Objects
It's Cheaper In The Long Run To Pay For A Professi...

Rather than worrying about an essay for weeks, this site uses google translate, a free language translation service, as an aid
The book of revelation is difficult to understand and inspires a wide range of the map at right shows these sites at the time revelation was essays, and
'what is the meaning of my name
Note that the conversion is still in progress and some of the documents may not be available
Your daily porn movies - the world's best porn movies
If you have ever wondered how to become a paid writer, is the site cyberessays website for you
A community for students and teachers of writing.
If you're trying to learn urdu, check our courses below about adjectives, adverbs, articles, gender (feminine, masculine), negation, nouns, numbers
Welcome to our first telugu tutorial guiding you step by step through learning the language write my research paper online free in a simple and easy way
Writing and reading love poetry is a way to get in touch with your inner feelings about the emotions of loving and being loved
First steps of learning telugu. Free sample policies, job descriptions, letters, and interview questions to pursue a career in human resources and effectively manage people.

No, Burrell cared only about atonement. He knew his obscurity was his own fault. He knew he was as fast as Lewis. He stays right with him when they work out. Yet in last month's Southwest Conference meet, the 22-year-old Burrell had come in second to TCU's Raymond Stewart—9.97 to 10.03—and two weeks later he finished fifth in the NCAA 100. He had been spreading his exceptional talent too thin by also long-jumping—a leap of 27'5½" earned him second place in the NCAAs—and running relays.
"I've been listening to Coach, but I haven't been able to get my body to do it," said Burrell.
A GRAND SLAM MAY HAVE BROUGHT WEST GERMANY'S STEFFI GRAF FAME AND FORTUNE, BUT TO THE DELIGHT OF HER COUNTRYMEN WHO'VE WATCHED HER RISE TO THE TOP, SHE REMAINS 'ONE OF THEM'
Yet Lewis, who was massaging a sore back last weekend, seemed content to leave the day to Burrell. "It helped him a lot more to win this race than it could have helped me," said Lewis, not at all grandly, just nicely.
In 1985, Burrell single-handedly won the Pennsylvania high school state meet for Penn Wood High by finishing first in four events. We might have heard of him sooner had he not torn the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee while long-jumping for Houston in 1986. Surgery and rehab took a year. Now he, like Lewis, is a man with the Knowledge. "I have finally realized what it takes to run that fast," said Burrell. "I can build on that. I can go faster."
Another athlete just grasping his powers is Miami-Dade Community College sophomore Antonio Pettigrew. On Saturday he burst forth from the 400-meter field on the last turn and won in a blazing 44.27, the fastest time in the world this year, though still .98 of a second off the world record held by Butch Reynolds, another TAC no-show. "I based my whole season on coming to TAC," said Pettigrew. "I wanted to take hold of this race."
But the meet was not entirely bereft of big names. Larry Myricks took obvious pleasure in smashing Lewis's home-field long jump record of 28 feet, winning with a soaring 28'6½". Mike Conley, who won the triple jump with a leap of 57'5", seemed a little self-conscious about having shown up. "I've never missed a TAC meet," he said. "And I won't, but it does sometimes seem that the only thing carrying the meet is shoe companies giving bonuses to the athletes they sponsor for winning here."
In Houston, the women's final was run first. Farmer-Patrick, in her first outdoor meet of the year, was a new and better runner. She had an eight-meter lead by the stretch and ran away to win by 15. Watching her last unforced strides, you knew you were seeing a milestone effort. Indeed, her time of 53.75 cut almost half a second from Judi Brown King's American record of 54.23.
The Patricks answered with alacrity, and might have been speaking for a whole hungry generation of track athletes. "We'll take it," they said.

The parade, which took place for the first time in 2011, is a do-it-yourself affair, with home-made costumes, hand-built mini floats and self-directed marching groups celebrating "Star Wars," "Star Trek," "Doctor Who" and other, some might say, nerdish passions. The name is a contraction of the furry "Star Wars" sidekick, Chewbacca, and the Roman god of wine, Bacchus.
Last year, the krewe became an official religion, for tax purposes anyway.
Here's a list of spacey new parade features to look for in the new year.
The "giant" -- OK, 12-foot-tall -- Chewluminati Pyramid "with an interactive all-seeing eye."
Chewbacchus co-founder Ryan "High Priest" Ballard said he is happy to announce that the cast and crew of the "NCIS New Orleans" television show will be marching in Chewbacchus 2016. The show's star, Scott Bakula, Ballard explained, is a science fiction icon for his role in the 1990s time-travel television adventure "Quantum Leap."
The NCIS folks plan to build a bicycle-powered version of the dreaded Cantina from the first "Star Wars" movie. They may film their participation in the parade, Ballard said, but he's not sure.
"I just told them they can do whatever they want," he said.
As Ballard explained it, the experiment may take the form of a specialized float where kids can experience the parade in a non-threatening environment.
Ballard said that last year roughly 1,000 members marched in Chewbacchus. This year, he said, he predicts the krewe could double that number. The membership fee is $42, a magical figure from "A Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy."
For the first time, Chewbacchus will permit some art cars into its ranks. Ballard said they hope to have at least one vintage DeLorean automobile, familiar form the "Back to the Future" movies in the procession.
Ballard explained that last year's serpentine parade was sliced into three parts by those pesky trains that bisect St. Claude Avenue. So this year, the krewe has hit on a new strategy to avoid unwanted segmentation. For a large part of the route, the parade will go in the opposite direction of last year's procession.
That stretch of Press Street will allow parade leaders to keep an eye on the comings and going of the slow-moving trains, Ballard said. The parade can either proceed with confidence that it will cross the tracks in its entirety. Or, Ballard said, if there's danger of the parade being interupted by a passing train, the marchers could stop for a 10-minute block party, until the coast is clear.
Note: this story was updated slightly at 12:30, Nov. 17.

Papayas have a decadent taste and they contain a lot of antioxidants and nutrients including vitamin C, carotenes, flavonoids, vitamins B, potassium, pantothenic acid, folate, fiber and copper. Together, they help to improve the cardiovascular health and also prevent colon cancer.
However, a lot of people would eat the papaya fruit, but they will throw out the seeds. The main reason is because they are not aware that they contain a lot of health benefits as well.
Papaya seeds are able to cure different conditions and diseases including gut problems, worms and Dengue fever.
They have different health benefits and they can be used for treating different health problems. You should start consuming them for:
Their nutrient content is able to cure liver cirrhosis. For this you will have to grind 5 to 6 papaya seeds. Combine them in your food or add them in your juice. Do this for 30 days and your liver will be successfully detoxified.
They are able to prevent renal failure and they can improve the functioning of the kidneys.
They have potent anti-inflammatory properties and they can relieve redness, arthritis, joint pain or other inflammatory conditions.
They are able to fight against viral infections including Typhoid and Dengue. They are also able to get rid of dangerous bacteria including E. Coli, Salmonella and Staph.
Papaya contains a lot of vitamin A and C and both of them are needed for proper functioning of the immune system. That is why papaya is a good choice for preventing different illnesses such as colds, flu or ear infection.
These seeds are an amazing anti-cancer agent and they can the growth of cancer cells. They contain isothiocyanate – it is a compound that is able to aid in the process of leukemia destruction, breast, breast, lung and prostate cancer.
You can use papaya seeds like a natural contraceptive. It works for both sexes and they do not have any adverse side-effects.
They contain the papain enzyme. It can help women to conceive and they can improve the protein digestion in the body.
If men want to reduce the production of sperm, they should consume one teaspoon of papaya seeds on a daily basis for a period of 3 months. Be aware that its effects are not temporary and your fertility will become normal once you stop the treatment.
You can consume them crushed, raw or ground added in some fruit juice, milk, or salad dressing.
Use few papaya leaves, then wash them and finally cut them in pieces. Squeeze and pound the pulp in a cloth. Your juice is ready and you should drink 2 tablespoons of the juice every day.
« The Food That Prevents Alzheimer’s Disease, Cancer, Stroke And Much More
25 Iron-Rich Foods That Will Increase Your Hemoglobin Levels »

Park Metro welcomes your pet. Get out and play! No matter where you're headed, we can point you towards the nearest off-leash dog park, the most popular dog beach, a really great hiking trail, and lots of other places to play. You and your pet will enjoy living at Park Metro!

According to the latest information from sofreight.com, the largest container terminal in South China, Shenzhen Yantian port (YICT) issued a notice that it stop receiving import, export, and transfer of all dangerous goods which except the 9th category!
Recently, foreign trade companies and freight forwarding companies should pay more attention to the arrangement of import, export or transfer dangerous goods through Yantian Port in order to avoid delays and additional costs caused by the new regulations!
A number of shipping companies, including Hapag-Lloyd, have also issued notices to all customers and freight forwarders: Suspend import, export and transit of dangerous goods which except the 9th category! This regulation applies to all import, export, and transit goods carried out at YICT.

Pro-D Day Program A great way to spend a Pro-D Day! Ages 5 - 8, 9 - 11, 12 - 13 & 14 - 16, mixed genders
Mount Cain Experience Camp On-demand programs for children, families and adults of all ages and abilities
Custom Programs Tailored for individuals, families, schools, corporate groups, etc.
**Please note that most of the activities the teens plan take place on dates other than their weekly meetings. Each activity may carry an additional cost that will either be picked up by additional fees and/or by participant fundraising.**
***This program includes transportation from Victoria and other island communities, food, lodging, supervision, lift tickets, and instruction.***
Description: The Mount Cain Ski experience is a 2 - 3 day, on demand, fully customizable private ski program for all ability levels with a minimum group size of 2 participants.
Mount Cain is a quiet, local ski resort located on Northern Vancouver Island approximately 1 hour and 45 min north of Campbell River BC. Don’t let the small size of Cain fool you! With plenty of powder from an annual average snowfall of over 15 meters (38 feet), no crowds and varied terrain to explore, Mount Cain is one of Canada’s best kept secrets.

All papers must be submitted as Word or LaTeX files. In preparing your paper, please use the correct CinC style (as specified below). The Editor will screen for consistency and formatting that looks professional. In some cases, the Editor will contact the author by email to request changes
In most cases, the Editor will ask the author(s) to make necessary changes and only rarely will we make formatting changes necessary for the publication.
Start with one of the two templates for your preferred software:
Download and unpack latex.zip. Support files and examples are available in the zip file, including an important README file that contains detailed instructions.
Zip all of your files (except the .pdf) together.
As you write, keep these points in mind:
Title block: Use a template to ensure that the correct format is used. See Composing the title block below for details.
If your original illustrations are not in a digital format, scan them at a resolution of at least 600 dpi, preferably more.
If you use screenshots, please capture them at the highest possible resolution to ensure suitable reproduction quality.
Security options: Don’t restrict or password-protect your paper. These options can complicate the process of adding page numbers prior to publication.
A Comparison of 2D and 3D Edge Detectors in Semi-Automated Measurements of
To maintain a professional and uniform appearance, please follow these instructions carefully when composing the title block:
The title should match that of your abstract. It should fit on one line if possible, and should not exceed two lines at most. Avoid the use of acronyms, and do not end the title with a full stop (period). Use mixed case, capitalizing the first word and all nouns, pronouns, adjectives, verbs, and adverbs, but generally not articles, conjunctions, and short prepositions.
When listing the authors’ affiliations, include the city, state or province (if applicable), and country of each institution, but omit details such as the street addresses, box numbers, and postal codes (zip codes) from the title block. A full postal address and an email address for correspondence should be included at the end of the last page of your paper.
You may allow your accepted paper to be posted as a preprint, either at the time you submit it or at any later time, by following the instructions on the CinC abstract and paper collection site. Preprints generate interest in your work by giving other attendees an early opportunity to learn about it, increasing the likelihood for thoughtful discussion at the meeting.

Lokpal Bill is more of an allopathic treatment with known and unknown side-effects. It seems to be directed at treating the symptoms of corruption that is overtly visible.
This blog post is an effort to point at some of the steps that should be taken to curb corruption. There may be many others that I am unable to think, but the idea is to have solutions that are human independent, and process dependent. A process oriented solution would stand strong even if the main proponent or the main committee decides to quit the program.
Each of the solutions that I am suggesting can become a paper for discussion. So I intend to keep it short.
The moot point is that there are multiple ways to attack the root causes that create the need for corruption, and those that negates the conscious mind working against being corrupt. We can bring about 100 more such solutions if we organise a workshop of thinking minds.
Nicely written. Reflects some of my views: http://ameyakapnadak.blogspot.com/2011/08/monitoring-monitors.html
well written, have to begin somewhere and don't agree on the 50 year time window. is it impossible to do in 500 days
Some of things that I postulated of course can be done in 500 days, but most of the things are structural and therefore need a lot of gestation period till we fully realise the benefits.

Fundamentally, you’ll make a more dependable amount of Bitcoins and can be extra very likely to get a return on your expense.
When you finally’ve setup your account, you may obtain Bitcoins by obtaining them as a result of an exchange services, or you should buy them from someone Bitcoin vendor. In certain places, you can also uncover Bitcoin ATMs in which you can convert your Bitcoins into hard cash.
In several cases, verification isn’t even needed as a way to trade. For those who are interested in buying and selling Bitcoin then there are various on the web investing companies supplying this product typically being a agreement for variation or CFD.
Specifically when you’re unfamiliar with Bitcoin, technological Examination will likely be the muse of one's trading approach. The assumption getting; that Bitcoin’s bewildering specialized complexity is distilled by means of the industry to an individual, simple essence: price. Therefore, it’s imperative that you have the most beneficial equipment and data at your disposal for charting rate.
Exactly the same concepts are actually legitimate for all one other main asset courses for decades and it’s true for the cryptocurrency trading strategy also.

Agh! I knew I needed to make changes, but I wasn’t sure how.
I had my aha! moment when I read a blog post by Aaron Blackwelder (an English teacher and co-founder of Teachers Going Gradeless) called How to Value Personal Time While Providing Great Feedback. Aaron wrote about not just holding conferences while students are writing their pieces, but actually doing the final grading with them, instead of doing the grading in isolation. This made so much sense to me — it was one of those, “Why didn’t I think of that?” moments, and I immediately began restructuring my classes to make it possible.
My class schedule looks like this:
Classes are 70 minute blocks that take place 4 days a week
Class starts with a student-led “word of the day,” followed by a mini-lesson or read-aloud for 15 – 20 minutes
With this in mind, I made a few small changes and created my new schedule:
I expected setting up the schedule to be difficult, but miraculously, it wasn’t. Some students preferred to finish their stories early and signed up for Monday, while others chose later days. They each had their reasons — they organized their due dates according to their extra-curricular activities and, except for a few students, everyone got their first choice.
After giving a mini-lesson, the students presented their word of the day, working independently from that moment on, while I began conferencing. My meetings usually started with a few questions:
What’s the most significant part of your story?
What’s the message you’re trying to convey here?
Let me read this paragraph out loud. How could you improve it?
Listen to this sentence… it’s powerful. What makes it so strong? How could you do more of this?
Once we’d looked at some strengths and weaknesses, I asked them what they felt was the next step they needed to take in order to improve. In most cases, they were able to give themselves the feedback they needed. I simply had to say something like, “Yes, I agree. Expanding on that scene by adding dialogue and some imagery would make it much stronger.”
“Hmm, so you’d give yourself a perfect score for content even though you feel that you haven’t developed your character and you still need to work on showing not telling? Why is that?”
Both of them said something along the lines of: “Well, I worked really hard on this, so I think I deserve a high score.” This led to a great discussion on why hard work doesn’t always translate into a strong draft. When they finally gave themselves a more realistic score, they decided that they needed to put some serious work into revision.
Relationship is the most powerful tool teachers have. Thanks for trying this strategy and sharing your thoughts.
Thanks for inspiring me Aaron. My students are so much more motivated to write!
I love the reflection evident in this post and seeing how it wasn’t a complete revamping of the class that was needed to achieve the desired results! Little tweaks here and there (and giving up control) did the trick. I love it! Now my mind is going on how this might apply to professional development or adult education on my role…would love to hear any thoughts you have!
Yes, it’s amazing how powerful a small change can be. Hmmm, I like your question about applying this to PD. My first thought is that the main thing is giving up control by letting teachers decide where they need to make improvements and how they’d like to do it. Rather than “evaluating” teachers I think our role is to act as a soundingboard, asking questions to push their thinking, just the way we do in student conferences. I’m sure there are more connections. Let’s share ideas!
It amazes me that such a small change can make such a big difference!
I love how clearly you explained your process. I too find that students want to give themselves high marks but did not consider helping them become better at self-assessment. How wonderful that you have a system that builds students’ writing, self-assessment and independence and leaves you with less paper at home!
I’m excited about it – it seems to be positive on so many levels. I’m hoping it will help my teachers manage the workload a little better!
Thanks for sharing Gillian. Please let me know if they try it and if it works for them. I’d love the feedback!
This sounds great! I was wondering, how many students do you have in each class?
14 in each 11th grade class and 23 in 12th grade. I can hold about 5 of these longer conferences in a class period. Aaron Blackwelder has 130 students in 5 classes.
“When they finally gave themselves a more realistic score, they decided that they needed to put some serious work into revision.”
This is crucial. Kudos for this great work and thanks for sharing!
I loved bumping into your blog and seeing how you continue to push boundaries and experiment with new teaching methods. I was immediatly transported back to 7th grade Writing Workshop and overcome with becautiful memories of haikus and your green pen mark ups. To this day you continue to be the best teacher I have ever had!
Carola, how wonderful to hear from you. Thank you for writing – your comment made my day!! Pop by the school and see us sometime!
Oh my God this is so helpful! for teaching acting as well! Thank you!

COMICS PORTAL: Don’t Tell Me That! — Major Spoilers — Comic Book Reviews, News, Previews, and Podcasts
COMICS PORTAL: Don’t Tell Me That!
When you’ve been around as many local comics shops as I have, you come to dread hearing the folks who work there say certain things.
Now, I appreciate all these folks do for me and other fans, but sometimes you just have to cringe when they make their customers unhappy, to say the least.
Let me explain what I mean by this. And please forgive me if I feel the need to vent on this for a change! I’m human and make mistakes, too, but yikes!
My identical twin brother and I don’t agree on everything, so how can anyone else? It’s how you disagree that makes the difference.
I had come into a store and mentioned that I was looking forward to a certain comics-related film. The manager, seated with an employee behind the counter, said to me, “That movie sucks! It’s dead to me! I will not go to see it because it would be a waste of my money!”
I thought we were going to have to call an ambulance when the manager gasped so loudly I thought he was hyperventilating. Needless to say, I don’t shop there any longer.
Can I offer some advice? If someone says they like something, don’t offend them by insulting their intelligence or taste. Just smile and move on. You want them to spend their money with you. Why would they if you say things that insult them?
Again, people who work at stores should be pretty well informed about what’s coming out, but no one can know everything that’s going to be for sale.
I would once again recommend not saying something that’s insulting. Instead, say, “I’ll look up and find out more about that comic.”
I went to a shop where that was not the practice. Instead, the owner would say, in the most demeaning tone he could muster, “I never heard of THAT book.” In other words, if I haven’t heard of it, it’s not worth it. And that means you’re stupid or have bad taste, apparently.
Forgive me for repeating myself, but if you want customers to spend their money with you, don’t insult them. I haven’t met anyone who is the ultimate arbiter of good taste, no matter how big their store is. For all you know, the book that’s just been mentioned could be your next favorite comic!
If the person behind the counter is honest, that’s fine. But I remember when I was walking around a store after just being told they didn’t receive any copies of a comic I wanted, only to see another customer carrying that same book on the top of the stack he was preparing to buy.
When I asked what happened, I was told, “Oh, yeah. I forgot we had some, but they’ve all been given to people who came into the store before now.”
Well, forgive me for working for a living. And please don’t think I’ll actually trust what you say after this.
Another person who frequented that shop later told me they had underordered it, but they didn’t want customers to know that.
Time to check out another shop, I thought. To this day, I wonder if I’m being told the truth when I hear this one.
If you keep a list of what your customers buy, be careful what you say. And be careful when customers print out copies of everything so they can bring them in with them.
I had one shop owner tell me that, when something I wanted didn’t arrive, that I hadn’t ordered it.
Well, I knew I had added it to my pull list, so I asked to see the printed version they kept behind the counter.
Guess what? I had ordered it after all. It was there printed in glorious black-and-white.
Then I was told it would have to be ordered, and it could take a month or more for it to come in.
Good thing I almost always go to more than one place in one area!
I NEED COPIES OF THIS BOOK NOW, OR MY STORE IS GOING UNDER
At one point, I used to shop at two stores that had owners who were friends. (At least, that’s what they said about each other.) One of them invited me to go to a Diamond conference where they were going to show previews of products that were coming soon.
So I went, and there I encountered black-and-white proofs of The Dark Knight Returns. (Yes, it was that long ago.)
I immediately went to the owner of the store and said I wanted at least five copies of it! It looked great! (Turned out, I was right!)
Fortunately, I had also been shopping with his “friend,” and that guy knew better. When I got to the second store, my brother was there before me. When he saw me come in the door, he held up a copy so I could see the cover. “Ten!” I responded from the back of the room! “I want ten!” And I bought them.
A few days later, I happened to stop by the first store, only to find the owner there on a frantic call to Diamond. He was demanding more copies of that book. “If I don’t get more of this book, my store will go under!”
He spoke to me so the person on the phone could hear what I said. “You need copies of this, right?” “Well, no, actually. I got ten copies at (the second store).” I said.
When he hung up, he said to me, “So you’re ordering at (the second store), too, huh?” “Yeah,” I responded. “After what happened with The Dark Knight Returns, I knew I needed a safety net.”
The first store? It’s gone and has been for years. The second store? It’s now a big chain in that same market.
Moral of the story? If you have a customer who knows what he or she is talking about, at least listen to what that person has to say! Sheesh!
What do you think? Have you encountered this behavior or something like it in a comics shop? Or have you met something even worse? Please be sure to share your opinions in the space below!

my mom said its illegal for a k*d like me to do it.

While you’re vacationing in Savannah, a meal at this world-renowned restaurant is definitely in order. Owned and operated by celebrated chef, author and TV personality Paula Deen, The Lady and Sons is an award-winning restaurant that serves up true southern cooking.
It didn’t take long for folks in Savannah to get a taste of Paula Deen’s scrumptious dishes. In 1991, soon after founding her small catering company, Paula expanded the business to become a full-service restaurant at the Best Western Hotel on the south side of Savannah. The Lady would welcome many regular patrons who had grown to love their bag lunches and craved even more of Paula’s downhome cooking. And while her restaurant began to gain more popularity, both from locals and visitors, it was clear that The Lady needed a new, bigger home.
Several awards later, including being named International Meal of the Year by USA Today in 2002, a newer, even bigger location was sought for the restaurant. In November 2003, the 15,000 square foot establishment celebrated its grand opening, just seven days before Thanksgiving. Located down the block from the Sears and Roebuck building, the three-story building seats 330 diners and is always a full house. It was also during this time that Paula was given her own TV show on Food Network and the restaurant was featured in a multi-page article in Southern Living Magazine.
After you make a reservation, be sure to show up hungry for some hearty, flavorful southern eats. Food is the star attraction and the menu includes Paula’s raved-about buffet that includes fried chicken, home-style veggies and a whole bunch of other delicious dishes. They also serve up traditional southern style fare like fried okra, fried green tomatoes, shrimp and grits, parmesan-crusted catfish, pecan pie and more.
Located next door to the restaurant, this retail store is a Paula Deen fan’s dream come true. Whether you’re looking for one of her cookbooks, cookware, kitchen gadgets or other items, you’ll find it here.
Just a short stroll from The Lady and Sons, City Market is a 4-block venue that is well known for its art galleries, shopping, dining and entertainment. Here, you can enjoy a variety of intriguing art, live music and pick up anything from fine art and hand-crafted jewelry to delicious hand-made candy and a breezy courtyard.
One of the city’s greatest art endeavors, the Telfair Academy is a part of the Telfair Museum of Art, which encompasses three different locations. This one is housed inside Alexander Telfair’s mansion, built in 1818-1819. You’ll enjoy browsing through two 19th century period rooms where you can view American and European pieces including paintings, works on paper, sculpture and decorative arts.
Birthplace to the founder of the Girl Scouts of America, this beautiful Regency-style mansion holds a special place in the hearts of girl scouts everywhere. Here, you can learn all about Juliette Gordon Low’s life, her inspiring spirit and the movement she founded that would go on to empower girls across America and the world. You’ll view period furnishings, artifacts and numerous works of art by Juliette “Daisy” herself. Special tours and events are hosted for girl scouts throughout the year.

Do you, like many others, dread the thought of having to stand up and speak in public?
Jerry Seinfeld famously made fun of people being more afraid of public speaking than death. The good news is that a fear of public speaking is something that can be overcome with a few simple tips and some practice.
Most of us start feeling anxious well before we have to speak. It can affect our preparation, our sleep, and can exacerbate our fear of public speaking. It can be the source of an overwhelming sense of dread.
The first step in overcoming the fear then is to understand the role our breath plays in us feeling anxious.
One of the first changes we feel is our breath moving high into our chest and the breaths themselves becoming much shorter and shallower. The good news is, it is easy to calm our anxiety and regain a sense of control over our thoughts by simply changing our breathing.
Fortunately, we have one powerful tool at our disposal to do this.
Any time we feel anxious, in the lead-up, on the day, when practising, we can sigh. When we sigh we feel an instant sense of calm as our breath is reset.
It is easy to get trapped in our own cycle of fear by our own self-talk. We sometimes run a playlist of all the reasons we aren‚t good enough and need to be afraid. This is perfectly natural and understandable because public speaking makes us feel vulnerable.
However we choose the thoughts we focus on.
+ You can choose to focus on the fact you were called on to speak because you have real value or expertise to offer.
+ You can choose to realise that everyone in your audience is willing you to succeed.
Think about it rationally, when you‚re in an audience you want a speaker to do well. None of us gets any satisfaction from seeing a speaker publicly fail.
You are speaking because you are the expert or have a significant story to share. Be proud of that. If negative thoughts overtake your mind, quiet them by calming your breath.
You can overcome your fear of public speaking by learning to sigh and deciding to enjoy delivering your message to your audience.

I can't keep count anymore. This is fabulous!
Also, stand by for a special announcement - we are taking part in a very cool charitable event in NYC, courtesy of Martha Stewart. And, yes, I will keep you guessing until the New Year!
I have to figure that one out. Well, with all this snow and no place to go, I will have plenty of time to do that.
My thanks to Walter for making my products look as good as they are!
Was tons of fun. I'll share the photos just as soon as I create some space on the computer to store them. Long story.
Thanks everyone who came by to say hello. We appreciate the support.
Just finished loading up the car for tomorrow. I actually have a little bit of anxiety, strangely enough. Hopefully, everything will be alright. And most importantly, we'll have a good time, meet some cool people, and learn a few things. I'm saying "we", since my sister will be joining me for the day. Yay!
I am now officially in recovery. Yesterday's show was a lot of fun, but I have to say, socializing takes out so much out of you. Unbelievable!
And, yeah, happy first snow of the season.
•FREE home delivery in New York City (and parts of Tri-State Area)*
*Please contact us for details of this offer.
•Wicks away moisture from the skin (the wool fibers absorb up to 40% of their dry weight in moisture, resulting in reduction of dampness, pressure and friction against your child’s skin)
Still not sure? Make use of our FREE Shop-at-Home Service. We come to you with all the samples and fabric choices. Very convenient for busy moms and dads.
Did these last few weeks just fly by? It's Thanksgiving already! I am not ready for this year to be over, yet it is nice things are moving forward.
As far as Woolly Boo is concerned, not much happening. Preparing for the two shows in December, one on the 5th in Glen Ridge, next door, and one on the 12th in NYC. Looking forward to getting out of the house and away from the computer, and doing this, I have to say.
Have a happy Thanksgiving everyone. Will post photos tomorrow with the spread.
Wrapped in lush cotton damask, these pillows are just amazing - you will simply want to wrap yourself in them. That's at least what my kids were doing, until they figured out the pillows are just too small for covers. So, they changed their tactic, piled them in the center of the room, and rolled in them until they were exhausted... It was a fun afternoon.
At 18"x18", the pillows are very versatile. You can use them as decor in any number of rooms in your house, seat cushions, pet pillows, or even pet beds for cats and smaller breed dogs.
Just in time for the holidays :) Or the millionth baby shower you've been invited to...
Cute, right?! Might make a bow a little larger...
My apologies to everyone for not keeping up. There was so much to do around the house, and getting ready for the Holiday shows, and kids being sick, that I was so exhausted, the last thing I wanted to do is write.
Unfortunately, I was too late to apply for the fair that is happening in town this weekend, so I'll just be an observer. However, I have 2 great shows lined up for December:
We have a construction project going on at the House and a teething baby. Will explain when I get some sleep :)
Would you believe it, I had everything done right, and one, probably the most important thing, that I couldn't control - fell through. My credit card machine didn't come on time. They called three times today to apologize and offer amends. As they should. Thankfully, it didn't make that much of a difference, because people preferred to buy online. Go figure.
And, yeah, I forgot to take the camera, so no photos. Sorry folks.
One of the customers suggested another NY show for me. I just sent in my application, and I'll keep you posted. Thankfully, this one is indoors.
Yes, there will be rain. Yes, it might be a tad cold. But, the show is still happening, and Woolly Boo will be there.
All the kids activities will be indoor, so they will certainly have a great time.
What is everybody doing this Saturday?
I've been trying for weeks, unsuccessfully, to change the page name on Facebook, to something manageable, like say, my business name :)
I finally did it. So, to the world out there, you can find us on Facebook at:
Credit card machine will be here on Tuesday.
Wow, it looks like I actually might have my act together.
Oh my goodness! Don't know where to begin! So excited about this opportunity!
I would like to take this opportunity to thank all those little people that made this moment possible [laugh]... just kidding.
See you all next Saturday in New York, baby!
Oh, the thing I forgot - credit cards. I have to be able to accept credit cards at the shows. It looks like somebody really likes me up there. Just as I was thinking about it yesterday, an email popped up from my bank offering free credit card machine. Maybe this whole Woolly Boo thing is going somewhere after all.
I ordered two rubber stamps from a fellow Etsian, since I figured it might be more economical to stamp various promotional items, than to put stickers or some other alternative. And I have to tell you, they look great. I just made a batch of price tags using the stamps... Very happy with the results. Here is the photo:
To do: pick up curtains (yes, they are still at the manufacturer's place, long story), banners-hopefully to be delivered at the beginning of next week, stickers are ordered-waiting for delivery... Is that it? Am I missing something?
It was loads of fun talking to people about Woolly Boo. That, combined with getting up at dawn to bake cookies, a glaring sun, walking around constantly fixing the display, running after kids (mine and other neighbors), it was exhausting. But, we made it a family affair, everyone chipped in, all in all, awesome.
Check out the photos of the event on Flickr. Or click on the photostream on the right of this post. My thanks to Jeanette from Aunt Jean's Toys and Treats. I really hope the event was a success for them.
Now I have to go and order some more stickers, as they were the hot item of the party and all the kids wanted one.
So, my son has discovered the Halloween costumes - check out the photostream on the right of this post. We had two costumes made, one for him and one for our daughter. They will both be little lambs, as I need all the advertising and marketing exposure I can get. Anyway, he likes his new beanie so much, he wears it around the house, kid you not. I am certain, come winter and cold weather, he will want nothing to do with it. Ah, kids, gotta love them.
Anyway, hope the weather cooperates next week. I really like being outdoors in the Fall and seeing all the neighbors.
Not sure if I wrote about this before, but earlier this year I applied Woolly Boo for a trademark, and ever since then, I have been using the TM designation. Lots of Etsians have been making fun of me, my company being so small, but I thought it necessary, should this company strike it big one of these days... Better to have all that paperwork out of the way.
Well, today I received an email from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office asking for more information and additional photos. This, I believe, is a great sign that they are actually considering my application, since they haven't flat out rejected it. Hurray!
Now, go and buy my stuff. That would be the BESTEST birthday present EVER!
Where does the time fly, seriously?
So, I've decided that this and every other Halloween, until they are old enough to protest and actually get away with it, my two chipmunks are going to go as [insert drum roll]: LAMBS :)
Just heard back from Jeanette of Aunt Jean's Toys and Treats, a specialty toy store located in Montclair, NJ. They are having an annual "block party" this Sunday, September 27, a fundraiser to benefit the Montclair Community Pre-K. It is really an exciting event with lots of games for children of all ages. Woolly Boo will have a display table there, so stop by and say hello, and grab some of our free promo items.
If you decide you would like to buy something, 10% of your purchase will go to the Montclair Community Pre-K Scholarship Fund. Shop away!
I just hope people like us... Don't want to be one of those tents that everybody walks by...
Now that the wool is prepared, it is time to start making our products. Here is an example of how we make a Woolly Boo Mattress Pad:
1. The wool is cut into the appropriate size. For example, our mattress pad is the size of the standard U.S. crib, 53" x 31", and laid out on the working table.
3. The wool is arranged so there are no lumps and no bunching. After that has been done, the wool with the inlet is inserted into the cover material, Sunshine Yellow Damask in this case.
In case you were wondering, those are Grandma's and Grandpa's hands making the Mattress Pad.
At this time, I would like to thank the good folks at Udruga Ruta Cres or Ruta Association from the Croatian island of Cres for the great photos of hand wool processing. Their photos are much better than what I came up with.
Now that your wool is nice and dry, it is time to sort it. Because, let's face it, not everything is always suitable for every use, especially when it comes to children. Sorting is done by hand, so that besides the visual inspection we can also test the "feel" of the wool. The softest fibers are always saved for the pillows.
After the sorting, the wool is combed. This is done so that the short and second cuts of the fleece are removed, leaving us with aligned "sheets" of long fibers. The combing also removes the pieces of grass and other vegetation, as well as any foreign matter, that wasn't shed during the washing. A long time ago, this process used to be done by hand, using these tools:
It was a long process that is still used today for the production of small, handmade batches of yarn. Because we at Woolly Boo are using much larger quantities of wool, we do our combing mechanically, like so:
Once combed, the wool is then stored in rolls in large canvas bags in the attic of Grandma's house.
Come on, you know you want it :)
The new school year is around the corner. Treat your little one to a new mattress pad, pillow or a comforter - perfect sleep and play companions for home, daycare, preschool. Also check out our amazing infant sleeping bags.
Seriously, have you ever seen the cots kids sleep on in daycare and preschool? Well, here is a photo of one.
Do you really want your child to sleep on this? This cot is made of Sof-Tex® fabric, whatever that is. See how close to the ground it is? This means that your child is breathing in all the dirt from the floor they just spent hours playing on wearing shoes. Yuk.
Anyway, give it a whirl in your head, let me know :)
So, tell me what do you think... You can comment or send me an email.
I would really appreciate it. Thanks.
My brand spanking new Sleeping Bags in Pretty In Pink and Sunshine Yellow. Check them out!
I am really excited about this line, since the fabrics are much more modern. A lot of comments I received about the Sleeping Bags were that maybe I need to offer other fabric choices, something a little less old-fashioned and not so... well... European.
But, what struck me was the importance of logo design - if the avatar wasn't appealing, I simply wouldn't bother. Which makes me feel really lucky for having the logo I do :)
They are not only new, as in "I've just downloaded them from my camera" new, but they are also photos of some NEW PRODUCTS I am really excited to introduce to you!!!
P.S. Click on the Flickr Photostream link on the right to view the photos.
Very simply. We are going back to the age old production process our grandparents, or at least my grandparents, used to make their bedding.
The wool is gathered and washed with cold water and white distilled vinegar. Check out this page for more info about cleaning with vinegar and its benefits: http://www.vinegartips.com/Scripts/
Wool is then air dried in a shade, like so:
Yes, I do. I promise. They are all still stuck on my camera. But, with the weather being so yucky, I think today is the photo day... I think, because Julie and Julia area calling my name... By the way, if you haven't read Julia's memoir, you absolutely must. What an amazing story!
Originally, this was to be our business tag line. Why you ask? Well, let me enlighten you.
Back in a day, women used to bring dowry with them into marriage. The idea was that a single man cannot be expected to have these things available, so the new wife would bring things they need for the household: pots, pans, dishes, utensils, bedding, mattresses, pillows, rugs, curtains, shams, tablecloths, etc. She would start making and decorating these items when she was really young, as early as 8-years-old. Dowry was a way to show how well to do was the girl's family, and also to show off her household skills, a very important "selling" point.
Maintenance: Every 25 years or so, the wool would be taken out of the cover and washed again.
How do I know this? I used to sleep on one of those things. Yes, my Mom brought some with her when she got married. And she made them from her Mother's, my Grandmother's, mattresses. Of course, in the 1970's they really didn't need to hand-make wool mattresses, but my Grandmother is Albanian, and very much stickler for a tradition.
It also appears that this dowry tradition was lost in America, several generations ago, or it has simply transferred into exchange of money, since with money, you could simply buy or have made all these things. With the invention and cheapness of springs and plastic, the wool was forgotten.
I have some new products that were just finished. Today was a beautiful day for a photo shoot. Hot and sunny, but beautiful. And before you all get bent out of shape about how I can write "but", let me explain: the sun was very strong, which sometimes makes it very hard to take photos because of glare and light distribution. But, it was also humid, which helped with glare. However, I am still sticky from melting while trying to take these photos :)
So, they are done. I just need to download them from the camera, watermark them for protection, and post on the website, Etsy, Flickr, Facebook, MySpace, and gazillion other places I have an account with in my attempt to "spread the word". "Spreading the word" is spreading me real thin...
... When writing a blog? From the beginning? Or is this the media where my very short attention span can actually benefit me? Hm...
Here is the article I wrote about business aspect of owning a small business. I'll re-run it again in it's full length on this blog, but I wanted to share it with you together with the "Gerber" "Onesie' controversy. Your comments are welcome.
I resisted starting this blog, because, honestly, I had no idea what I would write about.
And then it hit me - Woolly Boo products are soooooo great, I'll just write about them ALL THE TIME. Kind of like free ad pages.
This is a Flickr badge showing public photos and videos from Woolly Boo. Make your own badge here.
Here at Woolly Boo® we have a mission: to provide your child with healthy bedding for the best possible sleep environment. We handcraft unique, heirloom-quality bedding for your infant, toddler or preschooler using natural, chemical-free ingredients. Backed by years of tradition and scientific research, we know for a fact that Woolly Boo® products make for well-rested, healthier and happier children – what more could a parent want?

We are proud to have some of the most prestigious transport, engineering and construction companies in the world amongst our clients, as well as a wide range of customers who all share our vision of more efficiently and securely built environments for passengers and pedestrians.
SNC-Lavalin is one of the leading engineering and construction groups in the world and a major player in the ownership of infrastructure.
RPA is an Irish state agency responsible for ensuring the provision of light rail and metro infrastructure while delivering top quality passenger services.
Parsons Brinckerhoff is a global consulting firm assisting public and private clients to plan, develop, design, construct, operate and maintain critical infrastructure.
The LEA Group is a consulting engineering firm specializing in transportation and urban infrastructure.
Egis Rail designs urban or rail transport projects and brings them to fruition; through combining these two areas of experience, we are able to improve our skills on a day to day basis.
Artelia is a leading European engineering firm able to offer its clients in the public and private sectors an original approach to engineering, project management and consultancy.
ÖBB Infra's core business comprises the provision of a reliable Austrian railway infrastructure in line with demand as well as the safe and punctual operation of railway services.
Beca is one of the largest employee-owned engineering and related consultancy services companies in the Asia-Pacific.
D’Appolonia is an Italian engineering consulting company active on the international market in the earth sciences, civil, environmental, structural and transport engineering.
Whether structural or infrastructure measures, project management, real estate consulting or engineering: More than 1,300 employees work for the customers at 34 international locations.
ATP is an italian company that operates in the fields of engineering and architecture and is able to perform all project phases, from the identification of the project to its completion.
Conefe provides road and transit solutions to construction companies, government agencies, architects and development companies as well as real estate developers.
The Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) is a government-funded research organization to evaluate and carry out all research capable of advancing knowledge and economic benefits.
Founded in 1953, Emch + Berger is one of the leading engineering, planning and consulting companies in Switzerland.
Weinmann-Energies is an engineering and consulting company. Our team supports clients and architects with planning, renovation and optimization of technical installations aiming at the energy efficiency of buildings, industry and services.
IBV Hüsler AG is active in the areas of traffic research and development of communications systems, with a special interest in the design and function of public properties.
Citec is active in the design and the construction of new transport infrastructures such as tramway, BRT (Bus Rapid Transit), as well as projects of new parkings, malls and industrial areas.
BFBU is active in the preventive fire protection, fire protection education as well as fire alarm planning and exercises.
Air Flow Consulting is active in the fields of fire protection, building climate, contamination control and computer aided engineering.
Carrying an average of 4.9 million passengers every weekday in Hong Kong, the MTR is regarded as one of the world's leading railways for safety, reliability, customer service and cost efficiency.
Ryder Architecture is a company active in infrastructure design, education, healthcare, public buildings and residential.
Bouygues Construction is a global player in the building, civil works, energy and services sectors. On every continent, its 52,000 employees devise and develop solutions that make an improvement to the environment.
The University of Cyprus was established in 1989 and admitted its first students in 1992. It was founded in response to the growing intellectual needs of the Cypriot people.
Budapest University of Technology and Economics issues about 70% of Hungary's engineering degrees. More than 110 departments and institutes operate within the structure of eight faculties.
Beijing University of Chemical Technology (BUCT) is affiliated to the Ministry of Education. As one of China's key institutions of higher learning, BUCT has developed from an institution of scientific specialties to a comprehensive university.
The Metropolitan Autonomous University is a public university located in Mexico City. It has four separate campuses located in different boroughs of the Federal Districts.
SUES is a general full-time university majoring in engineering science and featuring a harmonious development and interdisciplinary communication of various branches of learning.
The University of British Columbia (UBC), established in 1908, is one of Canada’s leading research universities and is consistently ranked among the top 40 in the world.
Penn has a long and proud tradition of intellectual rigor and pursuit of innovative knowledge, begun by Benjamin Franklin in 1740s, and is consistently ranked among the top 10 universities in the country.
Birmingham has been challenging and developing great minds for more than a century. Characterized by a tradition of innovation, research at the University has broken new grounds.
Established as the second university in the country in 1969, University Sains Malaysia (USM) was given the mandate to provide, promote, and develop higher education in the field of Natural Sciences.
The University of Hong Kong is the territory's oldest institute of higher learning. Over the past century, the University has committed itself to creating knowledge, providing education, and serving society.
The University of Cantabria is a young modern public institution whose main purpose is to contribute to social progress through a firm commitment to teaching and scientific excellence.
Tongji University is one of the leading universities directly under the State Ministry of Education in China. It offers degree programs both at undergraduate and postgraduate levels.
Umm Al-Qura University is distinguished by its unique location in the Holy City, and it's academic reputation in the fields of Islamic studies and scientific and applied disciplines.

James, these two people, were walking down the street on December 7th,
1995. And while they were walking down the street, they ran into three
U.S. soldiers. They were all members of the 82nd Airborne stationed nearby
in the head with a semiautomatic pistol. Both of them died.
After the soldiers were arrested in that case, it quickly became clear
were shot specifically and only because they were black.
Carolina, tonight are charged with murder in the execution of a black
scene of the crime today as the two white soldiers were denied bond.
They are accused of shooting a black couple at close range with a 0.9
millimeter pistol, 36-year-old Michael James and 27-year-old Jackie Burden.
along with a book on how to make bombs in a room rented by one of the men.
are all the more painful because the accused men are U.S. soldiers.
KAREN KNOX: And in our army, in our own country, we can go off and
help everybody else everywhere else, but what about home?
the other two men and that there are no other suspects.
prosecution`s first witness in the murder trial, former girlfriend, Kelly
A worldwide investigation initiated by the military because of that
had been asked to join white supremacist groups once they were in the U.S.
The results of that investigation were released in 1996. The Ft.
(ph). At the time friends who served with him at Ft. Bragg said he was an
recalled that he spoke of the need for securing a homeland for white
call me a race traitor. He said I should change my ways because I was a
blond haired, blue eyed white guy and shouldn`t be wasting myself on that."
covered -- according to people who knew him at the time -- he was covered
with racist tattoos, including one that made a reference to the 14 words, a
Here is that tattoo, the specific one reference there. And this is
that specific guy. See, it`s a Celtic cross inside a circle. And if you
look in the white foreground, there`s a big 14 on it -- 14 stands for the
racist skinhead kind of pledge of allegiance, I guess, because it has 14
words. The 14 words are: "We must secure the existence of our people and a
the leader of a group called The Order, which was the conspiratorial
So, apparently, the number 18 can be a racist symbol -- 1-8 standing for
the first and eighth letters of the alphabet, "A" and "H." So, 18 means
And then as you saw an earlier tattoo, they are the 14, standing for
days in 1995, the guy serving there then with the tattoo of the big 14 in
the Celtic cross apparently also had a "W" and a "P" tattooed on the back
of his hands. A "P" on one hand, a "W" on the other standing for "white
By 2011 he had moved to Wisconsin apparently to live with a girlfriend
who herself seems to have been part of the same world. You see her on the
Mr. Page`s then-girlfriend reportedly worked as a waitress in a strip
where she worked was just about a block away from the Sikh temple of
And in 2012, after an adult lifetime of wallowing in racist,
living the 14 words, he decided to get off line and go get a gun. And a
people and wounded others before he killed himself.
One of those he wounded was the first responder who he shot 12 times.
other officers help him and told them to go help the other people who had
Finally, in May of this year, nine months after the shooting,
enough for the doctors to deem me eligible enough to go back to work.
who were killed that day. Since then his son has formed a group called
theories as the man who committed that massacre.
happened at the Sikh temple a year ago. They tell the story of the
background and beliefs of the man who committed that crime. And then they
explain how this man who is telling the story to these school kids also
used to have all the same beliefs. He has all of the same background. And
then they tell the story about how he changed.
defector from the neo-Nazi movement, they have formed this organization
day, of course, of the Sikh temple massacre which brought them together,
Last night, a candlelight vigil marked the end of four days of
Last night, "The Wall Street Journal" printed and the BBC aired some
deeply troubled young man who latched on to Islam.
aired last night and it`s "The Journal" that gets more detail on this angle
working as a home health aid. And she reportedly asked her eldest son, the
older of the two Boston bombing suspects, the one who was killed in a
confrontation with police a few nights after the bombing, she asked her son
"The Journal" reports she specifically asked her son to help out with
one older man for whom she was the home health aide. He was a man who had
been disabled for 40 years ever since he had been shot in the face during a
robbery, as a young man. He worked at the convenient store, there was a
robbery. He was shot in the face, that was 40 years, still disabled and
She asked her son to get involved. And the way "The Journal" puts it,
apartment in Cambridge, Mass, and read a stack of newspapers, mostly
The newspapers in his apartment included this one, "The First
Freedom", "equal rights for whites," you see, the Confederate flag there.
there is Jewish control of the White House. Victims speak out.
You know, the headline, and I think also in some ways the bottom line
of the Boston marathon bombing has been that the reason for the bombing was
household name since the attack.
this new reporting from the BBC and "The Wall Street Journal" is correct,
at work here, which maybe isn`t that weird. Going back to "The Journal"
an intended apocalypse and that heroes must act before it is too late.
I mean, really, pick your poison, right? It`s the protocols of the
at Fort Bragg, to try to justify his mass shooting, mass killing of U.S.
It`s white supremacy and neo-Nazism with the racial holy war on its
way like the Sikh temple shooter used to tell his friends in the Army.
It`s the Boston bombing was really carried out by the government and 9/11
and Waco and false flags and all the rest, right? Pick your poison.
few who are awake and can see the truth even though everybody else is
lulled to sleep, particularly in our country but around the world there has
But now with fewer trusted sources of information in our culture and
terrain now in our country than there ever has been for all of these
about it and cover up the real truth. This stuff is as ridiculous as it
our government should take particular care to not play to type, to not feed
these trolls exactly what they are looking for. Which is exactly what the
FBI is doing right now, and that story is next.
Russia to try to start figuring out why his son is dead. In May, his son
was being interviewed by FBI agents apparently in the presence of other law
and then that he wasn`t and then they said he was armed with maybe some
kind of pole or maybe it was a broom stick or maybe he wasn`t armed with
that either or maybe he lunged or tried to throw over a piece of furniture.
Well, in any case, he`s dead. And we have no detailed official
explanation as to what happened. The most information we`ve got is
unofficial and cannot be confirmed by any official sources.
of Mr. Todashev`s body in a morgue in Florida, showing what appeared to be
seven bullet holes, six to his torso and one to the back of the head.
Massachusetts state police officers were reportedly present for the
the only review of any kind is being done by the FBI itself.
All 150 of the last 150 they looked at. Case closed. That`s it.
The list of those calling for someone other than the FBI to have a
look at this or at least for the FBI to explain something, anything,
publicly about what happened here, it started with advocacy groups like the
agree on anything especially on the editorial page but they agree that the
FBI has to say something about this.
We have covered this story a lot. Honestly, because it is
inconceivable to me that the FBI is just treating this it like it`s over
and there`s no need for any official public notice at all. They`re just
the press and expect us all to be satisfied.
We have covered this story a lot because of that. Each time we have
asked the FBI to comment officially or to come on the show and at least
talk about why they can`t comment officially. Every time they say no.
But they also now have to answer to this young man`s father who has
arrived today from Russia. And they have to answer to everybody else who
Congressman Keating, thanks very much for your time tonight.
investigation. Why did you write that letter?
KEATING: I wrote the letter because it`s important, whether it`s
Homeland Security or other congressional committees that we go forward.
We`re not looking back at the past to assess blame or to look at playing
We`re looking at that as information, facts that we can move forward
so that we can make changes. There has to be changes in the information
sharing. There have to be changes in the guidelines that are used and
there has to be more transparency when that`s possible as well.
And I think that that`s important not just to see what happened in the
Boston bombing. What`s important is to make sure we`re doing everything as
a country to make us more secure going forward.
you have as a former prosecutor, being on the Homeland Security Committee,
do you get access to more information from the FBI than we`re getting
members of Congress to explain more than those of us in the public don`t
from the public hearing and they refused.
side of this case and their side of this investigation. I teased you about
it on this show because Steven Seagal was involved in setting that up. And
I think anything having to do with Steven Seagal deserves teasing.
That said, I`m still interested in whether you learned anything on
that trip that sheds light on this investigation.
KEATING: Well, I certainly learned a great deal. I learned that with
the sharing of a March 4th, 2011 letter, that, indeed, there was very
today`s "Wall Street Journal" story, detailed in that letter was the fact
insurgency in Palestine but he couldn`t master the language.
So this might shed light on some of the other information that broke
that, obviously the main interest here is whether or not the FBI and the
I do think, though, that this dovetails into a larger question about
whether or not there is accountability for law enforcement actions and I am
generally speaking, because I was a district attorney, as you know, in
cities, if there was a shooting, for instance, in Boston, they would move
that over to my office independently to investigate that. So I would say
the norm, frankly, is to have another independent law enforcement agency
KEATING: I don`t know but I think that`s a good question.
And to my knowledge, and I had an official source tell me there was
Congress has a role here. It`s an independent branch of government. It`s
not part of the administration. And Congress will be the body that moves
forward changing the laws and evidently, there`s some laws that have been
suggested to be changed, some guidelines that should be changed, while
providing the resources. And it`s also the conduit to the public.
police and local police, we shared that information.
And other than trying to do anything that would compromise an ongoing
trial, and there`s so much information that we need right now that won`t
be forthcoming not only in terms of accountability. More importantly, it
should be forthcoming because we don`t have lot of time to spend making
Those things have to be corrected. And they`re saying, well, we made
That`s not just unfair to the people that lost their lives and the
victims that lost their lives, the four individuals in the bombing, or the
over 200 people that were injured, that`s not fair to all of us who are in
And we all know that the odds are very strong that there will be a
repetition of this type of terrorist attack going forward. And these are
lessons learned. And what happened in this instance was a March report
that was read to me by the Russians saying that he was going to try to get
back to Russia and nine months later he did. Saying he might want to meet
with insurgents, he met with an insurgent that was there.
He came back and we still didn`t red flag this because of the
procedure, because they had the initial information, had an interview and
in June of that year, about three months later, they closed the case. And
when that case was closed, they never went back to it. Not when he went
there, not when he came back, not when he tried to get his citizenship.
There are loopholes in the system, lapses in the system that need to
be corrected and in a good, healthy airing to the public that will do
for your time tonight, sir. We appreciate it.
George W. Bush is in good health and good condition tonight following heart
good. He, of course, is it famously fit and physically active.
We, of course, wish Mr. Bush a full and speedy recovery. We wish all
As we got that news today about that health development for him,
loomed very large over today`s news. And that story is next.
MADDOW: If you look at President Obama`s schedule any day of the week
or month or year, this is usually the first thing you see on that schedule.
The president and vice president received the presidential daily briefing.
This is pretty much how every day starts for the president of the
briefing, the PDB. It`s the daily document that contains all the things
the intelligence community thinks the president needs to know for that
The PDB or some version of it has been around for more than 50 years.
For most of those five decades it was delivered to the president by the
head of the CIA and then ultimately to the position that was created to be
above the head of the CIA which is the director of national intelligence.
The PDB is a big deal as these things go.
It is also classified. You are not the president unless you are
watching, Mr. President, in which case, this doesn`t apply to you. Aside
from that, you are not the president and neither am I, and so neither of us
gets to see the presidential daily briefing. It is not made public. It is
President George W. Bush was the very first president to declassify a
spring of 2004 to the commission that was investigating the 9/11 attacks.
while he was on vacation at his ranch in Texas five weeks before 9/11
The title of that specific presidential briefing, why it is so famous,
why it made headlines not just then but for years, was -- actually I`ll
9/11 Commission as national security adviser in April 1994. Watch.
you tell the president at any time prior to August 6th of the existence of
al Qaeda cells in the United States?
CONDOLEEZZA RICE, FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE: First, let me just make
RICE: I understand, commissioner, but it`s important that I also
RICE: It`s also important, commissioner, that I address the other
issues that you have raised. So I will do it quickly but if you`ll just
told we needed to do something about.
warned against possible attacks in this country and I ask you whether you
RICE: I believe the title was "Bin Laden Determined to Attack Inside
MADDOW: "Bin Laden Determined to Attack Inside the United States."
women or something, that was the title of the first and usually the most
important document that the president looks at every day. That was the
MADDOW: This is kind of an eternal thing, right? I mean, 100 years
whatever conglomerate is still around 100 years from now, when the future
news conglomerate, right, retells the story of 9/11, they will be using
I believe the title was "Bin Laden Determined to Attack Inside the
That presidential daily briefing was delivered to President George W.
Now, today in 2013, on that anniversary, we are again trying to decide
just how to react to what we are told is a new threat from al Qaeda, one of
Just pack your bags and go, everybody.
17 cargo plane like this one. They were told to leave immediately. They
were told there was an extremely high threat of a terrorist attack. Some
department is not saying who or how many.
against suspected militants in the country and the government put out a
list of what it says are its 25 most wanted terrorists.
out of the country due to a threat from al Qaeda and kill some alleged al
to name their top 25 most wanted names. Meanwhile, a total of 19 American
embassies and consulates around the world remain closed tonight because of
post-bin laden determined to attack inside the United States world.
We`re told that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has been the most
administration would take threats from them very seriously.
to be an American government employee in the country of Yemen these days?
drastic reaction from the United States.
Andrea, thank you for being here.
MADDOW: What do we know about the specific threat that triggered this
MITCHELL: It isn`t. It`s really the same threat stream. They just
reported for the last 48 hours. We were sitting on that information for a
while as were other news media, including "The New York Times." The fact
believed to be not only the United States but the Brits, the French and
the 19 that remain closed, could not be properly defended.
I think, Rachel, this is not just post-9/11. This is post-Benghazi.
That`s partly what this is all about.
MADDOW: Who makes the decision to do something as dramatic as what
MITCHELL: It is a combination. It is the National Security Council.
Susan Rice has a lot to do with this. She is now sitting at the head of
the table in of these meetings whether they are on the phone or, you know,
literally in the White House as they were on Saturday night.
largely blamed for Benghazi, was called on the carpet. But he was also in
killed, we lost more than 200 people, 4,000 were injured in Tanzania and
Kenya. That was 15 years ago this week on Thursday. That is the terrible
anniversary of those embassy bombings. That was one of the first main al
So we`re seeing a pattern here, and they began to believe that they
had to do something. They believe that it is focused on Yemen. They
had word the president made some news night in a wide-ranging discussion on
"The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" of all people. What do we know of what
the president said? I haven`t seen any of the clips yet.
said that this is a significant threat. He was asked about surveillance,
Snowden had done, saying he`s only seen what he said on the Internet.
he doesn`t seem that comfortable about it. And from the quotation, he
wants to reduce the number of contractors and he said that he will go to
the G-20 as we know in St. Petersburg but did not say that he is going to
I`ve been told that, in fact, they`re not going to have him go as long
talked about Hillary Clinton, saying she`s got a post-administration, post-
measuring the curtains in the Oval Office and he said she didn`t need to.
She`d been there before. She knows about the curtains in the Oval Office.
And he was asked with his bromance with John McCain. He said it`s
like a romantic comedy where at first, you don`t get along and something
about you get to know each other better. It was a wide-ranging interview,
MADDOW: I was just going to say, imagine if he ever had to go on the
would like it to happen, please. Andrea, of course, host of MSNBC`s
as always, thank you for your time tonight. Appreciate it.
MADDOW: We`ll be right back and I`m hoping that we can get you one of
is going to be on with Lawrence O`Donnell on the show right after this one
So, you have to stay tuned. Stay with us.
falling in love with John McCain all over again, to his relationship
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I invited her.
OBAMA: And we had a great time. She had that post-administration
OBAMA: You know, when folks leave the White House. Two weeks later,
on "THE LAST WORD WITH LAWRENCE O`DONNELL." That is happening right here
right after this show. So, stay tuned.
ran for president and there was a moment around the time when this kind of
prospect that she might actually have a shot at it. Because two years ago
Now, given the fact that her competition was one of the weakest
like winning the straw poll might mean she was going to be a contender, for
before the Iowa caucuses. It was kind of a shock at the time. But it was
unexplained. It was clear something weird was going on, but not exactly
Now, today, for the first time, we actually have clarity on what
personally told me he was offered a large sum of money to go work for the
Lots of stuff happens in presidential campaigns that seems sort of
goofy in retrospect. But that allegation, even at the time, was serious,
expelled from the Senate, that would also possibly be a violation of
outline how much money the state senator needed in order to leave the
match his current salary of $8,000 month. This has been promised to him,
even after Bachmann drops out of the race for the majority of 2012. As a
result, he would need to be on payroll into the fall of 2012." So, in
addition to asking for 8,000 bucks a month, though, representatives for Mr.
campaign officials and officials of this state senator that took place in
the weeks and months leading up to the Republican state senator very
instead. Kent Sorenson, the man at the center of this, claims the e-mails
and documents published today have all been fabricated.
from the Bachmann campaign that are said to have taken place before he
Could spell trouble for somebody who`s at the center of what is probably
the most important congressional race in the country right now, because the
guy who was allegedly involved in negotiating that behind-the-scenes payoff
deal on behalf of Ron Paul, the guy whose name is all over these e-mails,
Republican in the Senate, the guy whose name is all over these e-mails is
respond to the allegations that were made in the "Iowa Republican" today.
We also reached out for comment and haven`t heard back. We`ve also
these allegations. No word from them yet either.
This is an old scandal that sort of out of nowhere today got a big new
life. Stick a pin in this one. It`s not done.
Now it`s time for "THE LAST WORD WITH LAWRENCE O`DONNELL" and his
Stay with us. Have a great night.

— It will likely be a traffic headache for several years.
And when the permanent repairs will be made is still very much up in the air.
The issue arose following a recent inspection of the bridge.
That restriction is 15 tons for a single vehicle and 27 tons for combination vehicles like tractor-trailers.
However, the restrictions are only part of the scenario.
Starting in March, the bridge will be down to one-lane traffic and that will continue at least until 2015.
Actual temporary repairs to the bridge will begin in mid-March, said Taluto. He said the cost of those repairs is estimated to be between $200,000 and $250,000. The costs will be split equally between Pennsylvania and New York.
At the end of each work day, the bridge will be opened to two lanes of traffic but the weight restrictions will remain in place.
However, even after the repairs, the bridge will remain a single-lane crossing, controlled by a traffic signal on each side, until at least 2015.
Taluto said that is the time estimated for the permanent repairs to be made. However, that still remains up in the air.
"We don't know the cost," he said of how much it will cost to permanently fix the bridge.
Because of that, no definite timeline has been established to make the permanent repairs to the aging bridge.
But Tusten is known as Narrowsburg because it is the narrowest part of the river.
Sometime in the early 1800s, the Narrowsburg Bridge Company obtained a charter to construct a 25-foot wide bridge across the narrows and charge a toll for its use.
The rates of passage were 37.5 cents for a one-horse wagon, $1 for four horses and six cents for a person walking.
In 1899, the Oswego Bridge Company constructed an iron structure and it was not until January 1927 that the bridge became toll free. That happened when it was purchased by the New York-Pennsylvania Joint Bridge Commission for $55,000, according to the book "Tusten to 1900" written by Arthur J. Hawker.
The current bridge was completed in 1953.

2. Publish a Notice to Creditors in the local newspaper to notify potential creditors that they have four months to make a claim against the estate.
3. Gather all of the assets of the decedent and prepare an Inventory to be filed with the probate court along with an Inventory fee.
4. Pay all expenses, debts and valid claims of the decedent’s estate.
5. File state and federal tax returns for the decedent. Depending of the income and dividends earned during the estate administration, an income tax return may need to be filed for the estate.
A will can help insure that your estate is administered by the person of your choice and distributed to those persons you prefer. You should consult an experienced elder law attorney to design a will for your particular needs and desires and for assistance in probating a deceased person’s estate.
Estate Recovery – You May Be At Risk Should You Purchase Long Term Care Insurance?

Did you come from a family that was involved in the arts?
Is your history as a performer mostly as a musician?
Yes, I was there for almost eight years.
Can you talk a little bit about the Independent Presenters Network?
Your emphasis seems to be on larger work.
Large facilities, like the Belk Theatre & Ovens Auditorium, have a limited amount of stuff that can be done in them, and it’s usually the most populist thing. Musical theatre is the niche that’s been most successful. I think if you talked to people that manage facilities like these, they’d all like to see more jazz, ballet, more symphony orchestras, but the economics are really challenging. Musical theatre is economically viable in big halls.
Do you think the trend is changing?
It’s a great service to these shows to offer them a bigger, more high profile venue.
What’s different about City Stage from last year to this?
The biggest difference is that each show is playing two weekends, so we’ve gone from four performances to eight.
There’s one original production this year.
We’ve had phenomenal success with Spamalot. It is actually setting historic records in New York, and we’re in active plans for the national tour, and for London. We’re very fortunate.
Does the Independent Presenters Network receive financial benefits up to the point when the play is licensed?
Are there new projects in development for the Independent Presenters Network that you can talk about?
The way this play works is that there are two actresses, one that acts as a narrator and plays Alberta when she’s very young, and the main performer plays her late in life. The actress we’ll have in the main role is Gretha Boston.
Right. Gretha was in Let Me Sing and Jar the Floor, both in 2003. She won a Tony Award in 1995 for Showboat. Cookin’ opens here on January 18, and will play two weeks for a total of twelve performances.
Let’s talk about Charlotte audiences. We live in a kind of boom town, with lots of growth and a fairly transient middle class. As a younger city, there’s not much sentimentality here. How does this affect your programming choices?
Please talk about the cultural facilities master plan, as things stand today.
What’s the main thrust of the Beckler Museum?
The reason for building that museum is that Charlotte has been offered one of the preeminent European contemporary art collections in the world. It’s from the Beckler family, and represents a lot of the most notable European contemporary artists of the last fifty years.
One of the criticisms raised against the Arts and Science Council is that the decisions about the grand plan for the city’s arts, as well as the decisions about who gets grant money, are made by bankers and not artists.
What was it like to be at the Tony Awards this year when Spamalot won for best musical?
Absolutely. I could hear them all the way to Radio City.
What are the chances that Spamalot will come to Charlotte in the next year or so?
The chances are very good. We anticipate making an announcement about the national tours late next week, so I’m pleased to say we have two different blocks of time held on our calendar. We anticipate launching the tour in March of 2006 in Boston, and people can look forward to seeing it here within the next six or seven months.
Wonderful. Thank you for the interview.

The Most Valuable Thing Your Customers Can Give You and How to Get It _ Fleming Consulting & Co.
How can you measure the value of customer relationships?
In their classic book, Positioning: The Battle for Your Mind, Al Ries and Jack Trout said that most people could only remember a few things about any given company. When a company tried to communicate a message with a prospect or customer, they were competing with millions of other messages in a noisy marketplace. If they thought the noise was bad 30 years ago, consider what it’s like today!
Take a look at the following visual.
We have four quadrants representing the correlation between the time and attention a customer or prospect is willing to give to you.
#4 – Noisemaker – Here we have a business that makes a lot of noise in the marketplace, but falls short on delivery, or doing anything meaningful keep customers and prospects motivated and engaged.
#3 – Boring – These businesses and brands spend an absolute fortune on customer acquisition, and they’re terrible at keeping customers once they’ve got them.
#2 – Missing Opportunity – Here we’ve got a business that is given the benefit of time from prospects and customers, and they get it almost organically – meaning they don’t need to make a lot of noise. They’re good at what they do. But they’re missing a tremendous opportunity to move into quadrant one.
#1 – Powerful Relationships – In this quadrant, we have the making of a dominant company, one that resonates with prospects and customers alike. This is where the real magic happens. This is where brands like Harley, Disney, and even small town restaurants are dominating their competitors. Customers and prospects alike are willing to give them their time and attention because they’ve earned it.
Where would you put your company?
The big overarching secret is to eschew the current media and become your media channel. I’ve talked about this in the past few weeks. You need to move customers and prospects alike from the vast, chaotic Facebook world and into your world.
To do that, there are three big areas to consider. They are:
Community: This is about creating a sense of community for your customers (and prospects.) It’s about bringing people together around what you do and letting those outside of it, peak in the windows and come in when they’re ready. The concept of Community was covered in great detail in my first book, Evergreen.
Time and attention are two of the most valuable resources on the planet. Once you get it, you better hold on to it with all you’ve got.
A Challenge For This Week: Review the visual above and consider the following:
Send me an email and let me know where you’d put your company.
Now here’s the most important part of this challenge. If we were to talk to your customers, not survey them, but actually talk to them one-on-one, would they agree with your assessment?
I mean, what if they wouldn’t even give us the time of day?

Oh and yes, I'm back in Toronto now.
1) Famous people are famous because they do things. There's nothing more to it, and nothing less.
Simply put, they did things. They executed.
There really is nothing more to it. I'm sure more of my friends will decide to do things, get noticed, and as a side effect, become famous. There's nothing intimidating or far-fetched about that.
Compared to what I had before, this is a much better way of visualizing the correlation between length of job posting and application.
This problem had bugged me for quite a while, and since many people had contributed to solving it, I thought I should write it up. It's a problem that first came up in an introductory probability course, and was used to teach us the concept of maximum likelihood. Try it yourself before reading the solutions if you like probability puzzles...
This is an unintuitive answer. Again, it's because this solution is only optimal if you only care about guessing correctly, with no credit given for getting close to the real value of n. Run a simulation, and you will see that guessing n=m will indeed maximize your chances of being correct.
This is relatively simple: set E(n-kM)=0 to get that k should be approximately 2. Amusingly enough, Paul and Kevin pointed out that a generalization of this problem actually came up in real life. Apparently Germans in WWII numbered their tanks sequentially, and so the Western allies were able to use statistical techniques to estimate the number of tanks they had. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_tank_problem if you're interested.
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong. -- Bertrand Russell
The thing that confuses me the most about most religions is the idea of "faith", the idea that one should believe in something without having (enough) evidence for it. Even more puzzling are those who tries to convince others of their God by telling them to "believe". If you step back for a moment, it becomes quite humourous, actually. Just imagine:
Moments like this leave me chuckling at my ignorance to the nature of our existence. These moments don't always prove anything, but even when they do, you have to be the one experiencing it to really believe it. Is there any point in us sharing them?
Oh and FYI, there was a squirrel on that tree. It made weird chipping noises and flicked its tail up and down. I'm not sure what that meant, so I stepped back for a while until it stopped. It was one strange squirrel.
There is a negative correlation between the number of words in a job posting, and application rate. This correlation is very small, but still statistically significant. Below is a smoothed scatter plot of words per job postings vs. applications (darker colours mean a denser packing of points), with a curve of best fit [1].
To uncover other subtle factors affecting application rate, I tried a technique I learned at Facebook: for each job posting, I calculated the percentage of words used in each of the approximately 100 word categories in Harvard’s General Inquirer dictionary (e.g. percentage of positive words, food-related words, law-related words, etc). While this method did not yield as much insight as I had hoped [2], there was one interesting observation...
Talk about the company, not the candidate
The word “you” came back again when I analyzed the correlations between application rates and the appearance [3] or increased use [4] of individual words (as opposed to word groups). Indeed there is a negative correlation between repeated use of the word “you” and application.
Many of these words relate to the previous parts of “Mining Jobmine”, as they identify fields in low supply or high demand (which are apparently finance and engineering, especially mechanical engineering), and places that Waterloo students want to be (well, Toronto...). I’m not sure how to interpret the word “projects”.
As for words whose appearances are negatively correlated with application rates [5], there are actually more of these than "positive" words. Below is a partial list consisting of the most statistically significant words.
Again, the programming words in this list suggest that programming jobs are in low demand or high supply. Other words are hard to interpret: should employers refrain from talking about its hours, its fulltime employees, or about its users’ needs? Perhaps some of these correlations are spurious.
In most cases, adding an extra “level” tag increases application rates by about 10. Adding an extra “level” tag would mean that more students are likely to see your job. The exceptions are, of course, those 7 jobs that are tagged Junior and Senior...
[1] Application numbers are heavily skewed, so to satisfy the assumptions of the linear regression model we take the square root of application rate as our dependent variable. Number of words in a job posting is still our independent variable, and the curve we get is a quadratic.
[3] To test the effect of the appearance of a word, I split up the jobs based on whether or not a particular word appeared in its job description, and used a two-sample non-paired t-test. Very uncommon words or very common words were ignored.
[5] All of these words are significant when [3] is applied to them.
Designing the ideal society is an old puzzle. Many ideas were generated over time, and some have even been put into practise. We have tried many different ways to organize society: everything from monarchy to democracy to communism. Yet none of these systems have yet stood the test of time. Ideas that look great on paper often fail in practise.
But it's difficult, if not impossible, to convince every person to behave in a certain way. Nobody is perfect, and certainly there will be people whose interests conflict with that of society. Indeed some people will do anything they can to game whatever system that is in place.
As an example, we can see that communism fails at robustness: the "locally optimal" behaviour for a person would be to produce less and consume more, which is not optimal for society; and if a few people decide not to give their best, this game would become quite unfair to those who play by the rules, and so others are likely to also cheat.
If you’re an Engineering or a Math student, you’re in luck. Despite not being to scale, the Venn diagram below shows that over 85% of jobs on Jobmine first round this term are targeted towards Math or Engineering students.
It's quite interesting that overall, employers like to refer to us most as a "student" -- then "coop" and "intern". Not so for employers targeting Math and Engineering students. They aren't as fond of referring to co-ops as "student" or "assistant".
My bias towards programmers should already be all too apparent (as I am often referred to one myself), so it shouldn't be surprising to ask this next question: What programming skills are in demand? A partial answer can be found by looking at the number of times each of the following programming related words appear in Jobmine job descriptions.
Okay, so the list of programming languages (and non-programming languages) I chose are quite arbitrary, but seriously? People are still looking for COBOL programmers?
Demand of co-op students is only half of the story. What about supply? To gage the supply of co-op students, we can look at the number of applications job postings targeting different faculties receive, shown below.
You should be in Math or Engineering, Applied Health Sciences or Environment. You should pay attention in your programming courses. Learn programming. Knowing Java will help you too if you're desperate for jobs.
Update: I replaced my terrible diagram with a link to the REAL one -- it's much prettier, and it's, um, real.
First, the map (bigger version here). This map shows where the jobs posted during last weekend's job postings are located. A slightly more interactive version is available here, but takes forever to load.
Yes, there is a job WAY up in the Arctic, and 28 people applied to it. I could have sworn too that there used to be jobs in New Zealand, Hawaii and Australia, but oh well.
A similar map counting the number of applications going to each city is available here (this also takes forever to load). However the two maps look pretty much the same, since the resolution of the bubbles are not that great.
What's also not clear in the maps is the actual number of jobs in Waterloo and Toronto areas. To make it clear, here are the top 10 locations with the most number of job openings.
If we take the top 10 locations with the most number of applications, we get something similar.
Now what happens when we look at the cities that get the most applications per opening? We get something COMPLETELY different.
What about the places with the lowest applications per job?
I'll leave you to come up with your own conclusions here.
I plan to squeeze more goodies out of this data, so stay tuned. Incidentally, if you are familiar with Google Charts API and know how to make it go faster, please let me know.
If you haven't heard the puzzle a billion times already, think for a bit before reading on.
Here's the answer: you should switch. I'll give two explanations as to why. The first one will (hopefully) appeal to your intuition, and the second one will be an argument using probability.
Here's how you might have reasoned about the previous scenario: the only case where switching to door B is not beneficial is when you choose the right door the first time. That only has a 1% chance of happening.
Though Logicomix is in no way historically accurate, it portrays well a feeling that I think a lot of us share. I'm sure that a lot of people saw the delicate beauty in Euclid's Elements, in the (relative?) certainty of mathematics, and hoped that something remotely similar to Elements can be made to solve dilemmas that come up in every day life--a consistent philosophical system deduced from the basic facts that everyone would understand and agree upon.
From what other people are saying around the interweb, I'm not sure if Bertrand Russel would be the right person to attribute this set of feelings to. Actually, this might sound weird, but a more appropriate person would be Ayn Rand.
I loath hearing things about so and so "used logic to prove that logic is inadequate". I heard it once on numb3rs, too, so it's quite annoying. I had no idea that this in fact had been done. It's Gödel's Incompleteness Theorem. Of course!
Did Ayn Rand know about Gödel? Would that changed her mind in any way? If we make the assumptions that (1) human life/experience/society is much more complicated than the natural numbers, and (2) a system of philosophy (built up from a few axioms, for our purpose) can be thought of as a model of the world, then Gödel seems to imply that any of our philosophical system is either incomplete or inconsistent.
I'm probably missing something very important here.
The Impostor Syndrome is a phenomenon where a person is incapable of internalizing success, often attributing it to luck, good timing, or pure fluke. The person is fearful that they might be "found out" to be less intelligent or competent than people make them to seem.
It's interesting that this phenomenon is prevalent enough to be both studied and given a name. Very interesting.
(And yes, I've felt this way many times, but it also seems that I am capable of internalizing success. Or maybe I'm just giving myself credit for effort, in which case I should remind you of this quote.)

If you itemize your tax return you may deduct the sale value of your donated vehicle or the fair market value up to $500, whichever is greater. You can find more information on charitable vehicle donation tax deductions at: http://www.irs.gov/Credits-&-Deductions
How much of the proceeds from the sale at auction does the charity receive?
Do I get a free vacation certificate?
Yes! DonateaCar.com would like to thank you for donating your vehicle by sending you a free vacation certificate. After you donate your vehicle, call us at 1-800-237-5714 and we will mail one to you.
A professional towing company will pick up your vehicle from a location of your choice.
My vehicle isn’t at my home; will you pick it up somewhere else?
We are happy to pick-up almost any vehicle from almost any location.
Paperwork required for donation varies by state. Please choose your state from the drop down below:
I don’t have my title, can I still donate my vehicle?
What if my registration is expired?
Registration requirements vary by state, please call 800-237-5714 and we can advise you on how to move forward.
Absolutely, we are happy to take your car regardless of emission or smog tests.
I don’t have insurance on my car, is that a problem?
When your vehicle is picked up you are no longer liable for the vehicle and it does not need be covered by insurance.
Don’t see the answer you need? Please call 800-237-5714 or email ddmdonations@iaai.com for further information.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Alabama Department of Revenue.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Alaska Division of Motor Vehicles.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Arizona Department of Transportation.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Arkansas Department of Finance and Administration.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the California Department of Transportation.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Colorado Division of Motor Vehicles.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Connecticut Department of Motor Vehicles.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Delaware Division of Motor Vehicles.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Florida Division of Motor Vehicles.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Georgia Department of Revenue.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Hawaii Department of Revenue.
Cars, trucks, trailers, RVs, trailers with an unladen weight of 2000 lbs or more 1927 and newer require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Idaho Transportation Department.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Illinois Secratary of State.
Boats purchased after 1/1/1986 with a purchase price of $3000 or more requires a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Indiana Bureau of Motor Vehicles.
All cars, trucks, motorcycles, trailers with an unladen weight of more than 2000 lbs, semi-trailers, boats over 17 ft or boats with a lien, mopeds, snowmobiles acquired after 1/1/1998 and ATVs acquired after 1/1/2000 require a title
Trailers and semi-trailers with an unladen weight of 2000 lbs or less do not require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Iowa Department of Transportation.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Kansas Department of Revenue.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Kentucky Motor Vehicle Licensing.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Louisiana Office of Motor Vehicles.
ATVs, snowmobiles, mopeds, boats, trailers with an unladen weight of less than 3000 lbs and motorcycles less than 300 cc do not require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Maine Bureau of Motor Vehicles.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Maryland Motor Vehicle Administration.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Massachusetts Registry of Motor Vehicles.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Michigan Department of State.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Minnesota Driver and Vehicle Services.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Mississippi Department of Public Safety.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Missouri Department of Revenue.
Non-motorized boats less than 12' and mopeds do not require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Montana Department of Justice.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Nebraska Online DMV.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Nevada DMV.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the New Hampshire Division of Motor Vehicles.
All cars, trucks, boats, motorcycles, mopeds, RVs, mobile homes, trailers with an unladen weight of more than 2500 lbs and farm implements weighing more than 1500 lbs require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission.
All cars, trucks, trailers, busses, motorcycles, ATVs, motor boats 10' and over require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the New Mexico MVD.
ATVs, snowmobiles, trailers with an unladen weight of less than 1000 lbs do not require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the New York DMV.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the North Carolina Division of Motor Vehicles.
All cars, trucks, boats and trailers weighing more than 1500 lbs newer than 1927 require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the North Dakota Department of Transportation.
Trailers with an unladen weight of 4000 lbs or less, farm equipment and construction equipment do not require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Ohio Bureau of Motor Vehicles.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Oklahoma Department of Public Safety.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Oregon DMV.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation.
Titles are issued on all vehicles 1973 and newer but are not required on vehicles more than 10 years old.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Rhode Island Division of Motor Vehicles.
All cars, trucks, motorcycles, motor homes, RVs and home-made vehicles newer than 1958 require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the South Carolina Department of Motor Vehicles.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the South Dakota Department of Public Safety.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Tennessee Department of Safety and Homeland Security.
All cars, trucks, motorcycles, trailers with an unladen weight of more than 4000 lbs, campers, ATVs and motorized boats greater than 14' require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Texas Department of Motor Vehicles.
Trailers with an unladen weight of less than 750 lbs do not require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Utah Motor Vehicle Division.
All cars, trucks, motorcycles 300 cc or more and RVs, 15 years old or newer require a title
Trailers with an unladen weigh of less than 1500 lbs and motorcycles less than 300 cc do not require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Vermont Agency of Transportation.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Washington DC Department of Motor Vehicles.
You do not need to have your title notarized
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Washington Department of Licensing.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the West Virginia Division of Motor Vehicles.
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Wisconsin Division of Motor Vehicles.
Mopeds, boats, snowmobiles and trailers with an unladen weight of 1000 lbs or less do not require a title
If you have further questions regarding your state’s title requirements please call 800-237-5714. You can also find resources at the Wyoming Department of Transportation.

ROME (Zenit) -- The way a father treats his daughter is a strong indicator of how she will relate to men for the rest of her life, says author and teen-health expert Doctor Meg Meeker.
Meeker, who has practiced pediatric and adolescent medicine, as well as teen counseling, is the author of “Strong Fathers, Strong Daughters: 10 Secrets Every Father Should Know,” by Regnery Publishing. The book highlights how the fundamental relationship of a girl with her father can affect all areas of her life.
In this interview with Zenit, Meeker, who also wrote “Epidemic: How Teen Sex Is Killing Our Kids,” talks about the profound role a father plays in his daughter’s life, whether he knows it or not.
Meeker: I think that one of the reasons I wanted to address this issue head-on, is that a father is a daughter’s great ally, which today is not only overlooked, but is directly attacked. If you look at the typical sitcom, the father is portrayed as someone who is comical, humorous and just plain dumb, and as though he has something to learn from his daughter.
Q: What are the specific characteristics of a dad that help daughters in their development?
Meeker: One of the big ones is a sense of protectiveness. It is intuitive in a dad’s heart to protect and guard a daughter. Our culture, however, has been training men not to do that because gender neutrality has become such a big deal.
The reason this is very important is because, particularly in the area of sexuality, dad has an enormous role. Girls are under sexual siege, with aggressive marketing, especially in clothing, from the age of 6 on. If a father, feeling protective, says, “I don’t want my daughter going to school in a jog bra,” and mom says, “No, this is the way girls dress,” a father needs to trust his judgment. Sometimes his intuition is better on this one.
For example, perhaps a boyfriend has broken up with her. A girl will feel sad, think she is too fat, too stupid -- all kinds of things get added to the situation in her own mind. But dad compartmentalizes, “What’s the problem? What can we do to solve it? Just because he broke up with you, doesn’t mean all these other things are true.”
One thing I try to do is help fathers get behind their daughter’s eyes, see you as she sees you. If you compared your vision of yourself to how she sees you, your life would never be the same.
Q: You say that there is a clear connection between depression in girls and young women and sexual activity. How can a father’s love help protect against this in our sexually saturated culture?
Meeker: Depression in girls is all about ungrieved losses accumulated in the heart. This connection can be backed up with medical data, although no one has studied it extensively. But what I have found is that as a culture, we are bombarded with sexual saturation. Sexual activity is through the roof and sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) are at an all-time high.
Another interesting phenomenon is that if a young person has a bad sexual experience that didn’t meet their expectations, both boys and girls, they will immediately think they did something wrong -- not, “Maybe I shouldn’t be doing this.” In order to correct this “wrong,” they will try to make up for it in some other experience, which leads to a downward spiral of messy relationships, physical risk and emotional damage.
Ironically, while our culture is now immunizing girls against STDs, we endlessly market sex to them, paying little attention to all the layers of risk. This, incidentally, would never happen with cigarettes or alcohol, where we would give kids an immunization against lung cancer yet promote smoking. This problem is missed by many because sexual freedom has come to be seen as a right.
Q: You suggest the importance of raising a daughter with humility, emphasizing that she should see the world like a pioneer, asking, “What can I do for others,” instead of like a princess who lives with a sense of entitlement. How can this contribute to her long-term happiness?
This is the source of real transformation, but this can’t happen without humility, the opposite of which is pride. When parents instill humility, a kid understands that he or she is important, and lovable, but not separate from others in their humanity. If a kid really wants to feel good about himself, humility brings people closer, whereas pride separates.
A kid raised without humility will always strive to be better than others, smarter than others, but can only bring a frustrated “happiness” because no one can always be the best at everything. True happiness for kids, then, is to give them a purpose to fulfill through working, striving, giving to and for others.

Monday, Nov. 7, 2005 - Regular Meeting
Thursday, Nov. 3, 2005 - Regular Meeting
Thursday, September 15, 2005 - Regular Meeting
Thursday, July 14, 2005 - Regular Meeting
Thursday, May 12, 2005 - Regular Meeting
Thursday, April 14, 2005 - Regular Meeting
Wednesday, March 16, 2005 - Regular Meeting
Regular Meeting, 7 p.m., Monday, December 6, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 p.m., Monday, November 1, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 p.m., Wednesday, September 8, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 pm, Thursday, September 16, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 pm, Thursday, August 12, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 pm, Thursday, June 17, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 pm, Thursday, May 13, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 pm, Thursday, April 15, 2004
Special Meeting, 7 pm., Wednesday, December 15, 2004
Special Meeting, 7 pm., Wednesday, November 17, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 pm., Tuesday, November 2, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 pm., Tuesday, October 5, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 pm., Tuesday, September 7, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 pm., Tuesday, August 3, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 pm., Tuesday, July 6, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 pm., Tuesday, June 1, 2004
Public Input on Proposed New Historic Guidelines, 7 pm, Wednesday, May 12, 2004
Regular Meeting, 7 pm., Tuesday, April 6, 2004
January 16, 2002, 7 p.m., Regular Meeting Historic Preservation Commission

A group of nine children and their parents from Make-A-Wish Utah visited Hill Air Force Base Thursday to earn their wings during a “Pilot for a Day" program
Eight children and their families from Make-A-Wish Utah visited the 388th Fighter Wing at Hill Air Force Base and earned their wings during a "Pilot for a Day" program Thursday.
Make-A-Wish is attempting to a set a new Guinness World Record™ title for the Largest Wish Granting Non-Profit Organization, and this month they're doing a special Arm Wrestle Challenge on social media. Fresh Living talked with wish kid Henri about his wish. Andrew Allman also explains the Chick-Fil-A Biscuit for Wishes Campaign: All sales from chicken biscuits sold during breakfast hours during the week of April 23-27, 2018 will be donated to Make-A-Wish Utah.
Eat at Chick-Fil-A and make a child's wish come true
Some fun things are happening at Chick-Fil-A this week. The restaurant is teaming up with Make-A-Wish Utah for a tasty way to give back to kids. You can help, too.
Jersey Mike's Subs and Make-A-Wish are coming together to create life-changing wishes for children with critical illnesses.
How you can help a child's wish come true
Skullcandy and Make-A-Wish recently teamed up to announce the wish granting of a young girl.
170 Utah children are waiting for their wish to be granted
Make-A-Wish Utah and Diamonds Direct are partnering up to raise enough funds to grant one wish. Diamonds Direct will donate $100 off all engagement ring sales and sales from the company's specially-curated Make-A-Wish themed collection.

A distinct advantage here is that these readers are fully suitable for external use, boasting a fantastic IP68 rating. This is the highest achievable ingress-protection rating, confirming that the readers are 100% sealed against dust, and also watertight against complete, continued submersion in water. It is worth noting however, that the controller unit is not designed for external use, as it should be housed internally rather than externally to prevent any tampering.
Operating at 12-24 volts on either AC or DC, this system has a wide scope of installation possibilities, with suitability for use with a massive range of electronic locking and access control equipment - the majority of which fall into the realms of 12-24v AC/DC.
The door release time is the duration that the electronic lock mechanism or electric strike release will be triggered for. This can be varied between 1 second and 9 seconds - for most uses, 3-5 seconds would be most common.
The alarm timer is triggered when you have a door contact wired into one of the controller inputs. This will raise an alarm should the door be held open too long, or wedged open etc. The acceptable threshold of door-open-time can be varied between 30 seconds and 4 minutes (in 30 second adjustments). In most cases 30 seconds would be deemed most appropriate unless prolonged opening is to be expected under normal use.
Adding and removing users could not be simpler.
Full details and instructions are supplied within the user manual in the box!

Eltham Hill students had a chance to show off their culinary skills by taking part in Children’s Food Trust Big Cookathon 2016. Their challenge was to make a healthy Cottage Pie. The aim of the Cookathon is to get children involved and excited about cooking. You can find out more…
Miss Mott joined Eltham Hill School at the start of the Summer term. She joins the thriving music department. We wanted to find out a little more about her: First, lets start with some background information: Where you’re from? I grew up in Essex and attended Colchester County High School…
No one could accuse the Creative Writing Club of being idle. They recently entered their work for the Radio 2 500 Words competition, and published the first edition of their magazine ‘Elemeno’. Elemeno is a short zine, which features work created and edited wholly by the students. It is free to…
On the 10th of March some of our year 7 students took part in the BBC’s Nationwide ‘School Report’ News Day. The students spent the day gathering information and developing their own report packages, which they produced and edited themselves whilst adhering to a tight deadline. By 2pm the students…
Eltham Hill recently had it elections to determine its Post-16 Student Leaders. Below is what those who were appointed had to say: As a recently elected President of the Sixth Form, I am delighted to observe that within our Presidential Cabinet at Eltham Hill Post 16, we have equal representation…

Given their overwhelmingly high numbers, getting the best lunch boxes for school, work or travel isn’t a piece of cake. In fact, as manufacturers show zero signs of resting on their laurels, the struggle for the top positions is shaping into a battle of the titans.
Before we take a look at the top 10 best lunch boxes for school, work or travel, perhaps we need to take a look at some factors which need to be considered before one makes a purchase.
There are specific factors and parameters which need to be fulfilled if at all any lunch box is to be considered worth your cash. Here are some of the factors:
The material used in the construction of your lunchbox affects numerous other factors such and portability and durability. For instance, although plastic lunch boxes are ideal for portability since some can be folded after use for storage, their durability might not be top-notch. You need to ensure that the material fulfills your desire and needs.
You also have to consider your preferences in terms of color and other factors like shape and design. Some of us are choosy and would prefer specific colors over others. If you’re one of them, you need to ensure that your lunch box fulfills your preferences.
Here are the best options available lunch boxes on the market for you:
Coming with modular containers which snap together to save on space and keep your bag organized, this is yet another awesome lunch box set available on the market. In fact, the containers can be stacked up in varied shapes and styles to fit comfortably into the bag. Its blue ice freezer which snaps directly to the food containers keeps your food chilled thus ensuring that it stays fresh for longer.
The durable lunch box containers come with seals to enhance safety and ensure that your food doesn’t spill or leak. Coming with 2 snack containers, a side container, a sandwich container, and medium blue ice, you will definitely love it. What’s more, it’s microwave, dishwasher and freezer safe making it quite reliable. And yes, it’s also BPA-free!
It’s dishwasher, microwave, and freezer safe.
It’s quite durable and portable.
It’s microwave, dishwasher, and freezer safe.
This Hango product offers unmatched durability and unrivaled performance. Being one of the highest rated products on amazon.com, it’s designed to deliver doubtless satisfaction. Whether it’s the design or the great quality, there’s always something outstanding about this product. Made from 300D polyester, its durability is guaranteed. If features two separate bags at the same price which is simply unbelievable. The size is quite convenient giving better performance and portability.
It’s made from a high-quality material.
It needs an ice pack for cooling.
Two bags are an inconvenience for some people.
It’s made from a highly durable material.
It features one color option which leaves no room for selection.
It’s made from a heavy-duty material.
It keeps food fresh for a very long time.
Finally, Orgalif lunch box kit wraps up the list of the top ten best lunch boxes for school, work or travel. Perfect for storage and freezing, this is an awesome product for anyone looking for top-tier performance and impressive results. With separated portions, you will definitely love how convenient it is. Easy to open, it’s dishwasher, microwave, and freezer safe.
The lid is a little bit flimsy.
All said and done, the next time you’re looking for quality lunch boxes, perhaps you need to give the ones listed above a shot. With their excellent features, you will love them.

But after 32 years as a proud high school teacher. in violent incidents. and now it’s becoming even more pronounced across all systems." Violence on the rise, union says Stuart said she’s concerned teachers often fail to.
Congratulations, you’re now eligible to teach in an Indiana middle or high school — no special teacher training. "No one is forced to do anything." Some speakers Wednesday questioned why the rules were being rushed through in the.
What advice do. become the student she is today. She realizes that while her hard work and dedication are a large part of her success, there are also a lot of other people who have impacted her life as well." — Paul J. Mleziva, Two.
By the time the law took effect, Oregon had become a virtual. to open a school to teach people how to pump their gas. Short-term business you say?" a man wrote and then listed a list of menial tasks he wants to teach people do.
A high school teacher’s personal life becomes complicated as he works with students during the school elections, particularly with an obsessive overachiever.
Hunter Day’s classroom at Yukon High School. I could do forever which is not something I would have said six months ago," she said. "It’s totally been a conformation for me, I love it so far." To become alternatively certified to teach,
Winfery was so impressed with the young teacher. to become a best-seller. And when he decided to start the Ron Clark Academy 10 years ago, she believed in his dream from the get-go. "The fact that somebody of her stature.
In a typical high school, where there are rotations of five to six classes everyday, a teacher could potentially have more than one hundred different students to teach. Just becoming qualified to become a high school teacher can take a lot of work, but if you have a passion for a specific subject area and a desire to make that.
Aug 30, 2014. That occupation is high school teaching. Private high school teaching in particular, since private schools do not have the same certification requirements as public schools (though they can have less wage and job protection). According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the demand for high school.
K-12 Standards, Curriculum and Instruction. NOTE :: Various file formats are used on this page that may require download.
Nov 17, 2010 · When I was young, my dream is to become a teacher, but my field is not general education. That is why I didn’t take a BS Education course. All BS graduate.
School In French Translation Please note: The School Locator application only recognizes Region of York addresses for school attendance. Icons for home placement on the map display are through Bing maps, and may not be accurate. An engrossing look at the way a young woman of color defines her own identity vis-a-vis the various spheres of support in her
Five students at East Hartford High School. The teachers show a genuine interest in my academic growth and many cared for me as a person. I am thankful to have such relationships with my teachers and for their guidance in helping.
A description of tropes appearing in Highschool of the Dead. Imagine waking up one day, going to school, and going to the roof of said school to pine over.
In the future, schools are predicted to hire math education specialists where professionals will serve as a full-time math educator or coach for less- experienced elementary, middle school, and high school teachers. Given that you have complete, if not advanced credentials, there are loads of great opportunities that are yours.
Teach your kids about acceptance and difference, and they will become a better person for it. A tip for the parents My final tip is for you more than your little one, and that is to enjoy this time. Do you really want your last few weeks at.
Degree Requirements for Secondary Teacher Education. Graduates of the secondary options are prepared to teach one or two subjects in secondary schools (Grades 8-12), depending on prior background. Specializations are offered in virtually all subject areas currently taught in secondary schools in British Columbia.
Missouri accepts certificates from ABCTE only in the areas of middle- or high- school Mathematics, U.S./World History, English/Language Arts, Biology, Chemistry, General Science, Upon successful completion of the four years of teaching and requirements, the educator may apply for the career continuous certification.
Sep 15, 2011. Mr. Patteson, who had been a local school board member, heard about an opening at the nearby West High School to teach science, and decided to build on his science and math background to become a teacher. Taking part in one of California's 70 alternative teaching preparation programs, he passed.
List Of Rides In Universal Studios If you’re a theme park lover or enjoy the best thrill rides the world has to offer, you’ve found the right place. From new ride announcements, construction. Review of the top 5 rides and attractions at Universal Studios Singapore for adults and older kids and tips to make the most of your visit. Updated in
A 28-year-old high school English teacher and group leader at his Mormon church has been accused of hosting sex parties for teenage boys at his home, police say. Jared Anderson was arrested. my Church drives me to do what I.
Jun 19, 2015 · This training wouldn’t work, because it basically injures the body with no hope of healing in between. It’s also better to do interval training.
I’m here with students at Wakefield High School in Arlington. And no matter what you want to do with your life – I guarantee that you’ll need an education to do it. You want to be a doctor, or a teacher, or a police officer?
Are you looking to make a difference? Completing a teacher certification program can help you meet the requirements to become a teacher in New Jersey.
As such, they take courses in education development and instruction, addition to their chosen subject learn about the preparation needed become a high school teacher.
Apr 14, 2014 · Last night, I had the pleasure of speaking to an actual Japanese high school teacher about high school life in Japan. I met him in a chatroom a year ago.
What High School Teachers Do. High school teachers help prepare students for life after graduation. They teach academic lessons and various skills that students will.

If you are a team leader or group coordinator who is looking after the registration of your staff to attend the NHC 2018 in Darwin, please:
Register your individual staff members as through the normal registration form with their unique email addresses.
Add your name as the group contact in the assistant field.
Email us with your details so we can allocate you as a group coordinator.

Well, this will be my last post for a while.
Next Saturday I'm getting married and so I'll be on a break for a few weeks preparing, enjoying and reflecting.
What's WHB? Post a recipe using a herb, fruit or veggie and share a little bit about that ingredient. Then submit your link by Sunday 11 March to be part of the WHB round-up (morselsandmusings AT yahoo DOT com DOT au). Anyone is welcome to join, but it has to be an original post (ie specifically written for this event and no other).
In the meantime, I wanted to say an extremely belated thank you to my BPW buddy, Glenna from A Fridge Full of Food, for sending me the above postcard.
Today is the last day of my Chinese New Year Pork Festival, in honour of the Year of the Pig, where I have blogged:
I used to hate ham. I always found it too salty and felt sorry that a poor piggy had to die for this substandard meat.
I ate this meal as a light lunch, but it would work in a buffet or as a side with a summer dinner.
2. Whisk the olive oil, mustard, vinegar and honey together to form a dressing.
3. Combine ingredients in a bowl, toss then serve.
Well that's the end of the pork recipes for a while. I've definately gained an appreciation of pork over this period, but posting something every day has been tough - especially with all my work commitments and the impending wedding.
Tonight is my hen's night. This time next weekend, I'll be floating down the aisle . . . . . wish me luck!
We cooked this last Friday and it was divine, filling the house with the robust scent of rosemary and white wine. The garlic isn’t shy either.
4. Simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes then turn over. Cook a further 5 minutes or until pork is tender.
In a sense I have a hybrid dish that’s a perfectly delicious summer dinner.
1. Cut onion into extremely thin half circles. Place in bowl of cold water and leave for 30 minutes. This will leach the strength from the onions and leave you with a mild, sweet flavour.
2. Heat peanut oil in a frying pan or wok. When hot, add garlic and sauté briefly.
Today we’re off to Italy to experience one of the ways they cook up swine.
Sausage meat can be so tasty because it’s all the rough cuts, the lard and some spices. What more could you ask for? Italian style sausages are particularly good for this dish since they contain a little chilli already.
And of course, we’re talking 100% pork!
½ cup finely grated pecorino, to serve
1. Cut the ends from the sausages and squeeze the sausage meat from the skins into a bowl.
2. Mash the sausage meat and break it up a little.
5. When meat is browned, add tomato paste. Fry for a minute or so until thickened.
It’s Day Two in my seven day Chinese New Year Pork Festival in honour of the Year of the Pig.
Today is Chinese New Year and it’s the Year of the Pig!
My little sister, Amy, is a Pig. When she was a kid we called her Porky and that was before we even knew her Chinese star sign!
I decided about two months ago that I never eat pork and that I would have to rectify this situation because pork is a tasty meat.
With Sydney in full swing preparing for Chinese New Year, I decided I’d give myself a challenge: I’ll make a variety of pork recipes for the first seven days of the Year of the Pig.
At first I was going to announce this as a bloggers event and invite everyone to make pork recipes - but then some killjoy friends questioned whether roasting, frying and grilling the sacred animal of the year was inappropriate - so I decided to keep this as a one woman show.
So today I announce my Chinese New Year Pork Festival in honour of the Year of the Pig. For the rest of this week you’ll find pig related recipes from around the world:
When I was a kid, and the South East Asian population in Sydney hadn’t taken off to make Thai the staple meal, Chinese restaurants reigned. I remember how exciting it was when a little Chinese restaurant opened up near our rural outskirts home in the far north of the city. Sang choi bau was always my favourite dish.
Anna’s very own recipe. Serves 4 as an entrée or 2 as a main.
2. Heat the sesame oil in a large frying pan. Add the white part of the scallions, the garlic and the ginger. Fry until softened.
5. Remove from heat and stir through green parts of the scallion, saving some for garnish.
6. Put pork into serving bowl and garnish with scallions. You can either serve the meat in a communal bowl from which everyone takes as they go, or you can serve it individually. Serve with iceberg lettuce.
Note: lettuce can be refreshed and crispier if put into freezing ice water for a minute before serving. Be sure to dry leaves with a paper towel before using them.
The Chinese water chestnut Eleocharis dulcis is a sedge (water grass) that grows in freshwater swamps, marshes and flooded rice fields. Its tubular, leafless stems can grow to 1.5 metres tall, although it is cultivated for its corms.
I have discovered two very interesting water chestnut recipes from this research (a dessert and a drink) so I plan to blog about these one day too.
Otherwise known as Black Forest Cake.
Today is Sugar High Friday, a very popular event among food bloggers and one which I have never managed to join. Until now.
February’s theme, in line with St Valentine’s Day, is Sweet Seduction.
Your mission, should you accept, is to provide a sweet that entices and lures. There are a number of ways you can approach this:
• Something someone’s made to seduce you.
• Something you wish someone would make to seduce you
I have to admit that I’ve never cooked anything to seduce someone. My cooking skills really took off sometime after Jonas and I had started living together.
By the same token, I’ve never had anything cooked to seduce me either. So no luck there.
But I certainly have a long list of things I wish Jonas would cook to seduce me. And there’s one in particular that I always point to and tell him “if you ever feel like making me something really nice, this is it.”
I’ve loved Black Forest Cake ever since I was a child and there are numerous reasons why: cherries are one of my favourite fruits; I adore chocolate, who doesn’t?; whipped cream is divine; how can you not love a place called the Black Forest? It sounds so dark and mysterious! Fittingly it was the setting of many Grimm fairytales.
It’s believed that the Black Forest Cake originated in the 16th century in the form of biscuits drenched in Kirsch then topped with cream and poached cherries. Good start!
The Black Forest, or Schwarzwald, is located in the state of Baden-Württemberg which is famous for sour cherries and Kirsch. It is commonly believed that the cake did not originate in the Black Forest but could possibly be named after the origin of the main ingredients.
The earliest written record for Black Forest Cake was in Dresden in 1934 and by 1949 it was listed as lucky number 13 in a list of Germany’s most famous cakes. (My favourite number too – wow, this cake is spookily MINE).
So if you’re ever trying to woo me, just bake me a Black Forest Cake and I’ll be yours forever.
1. Combine 130g chocolate, kirsch and 2 tablespoons of water in a small bowl and heat in a bain-marie until chocolate has melted. Stir until smooth and set aside.
2. Beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer for 5 minutes or until pale and creamy.
3. Add eggs one at a time, allowing each to be fully incorporated before the next is added.
5. Spoon into baking tin and bake for 50 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre of the cake withdraws clean.
I used to adore stone fruit as a kid. We lived on the northern outskirts of Sydney and many Greek and Italian migrants had set up orchards of peaches, apricots, plum and nectarines. You could buy them from the side of the road in big boxes and eat them fresh.
These days I find it very hard to get good stone fruit. They never have that strong ripe smell and the flesh is often floury rather than tender and juicy. One way to combat the sad side effects of mass food production is to cook stone fruits. I find this brings out the flavour and intensifies the sugars. Roasting, poaching, and grilling can make a difference to a bad batch.
This week Weekend Herb Blogging is back at home in Kalyn’s Kitchen. Be sure to head over there to see what everyone else has been cooking.
How’s this for a spur of the moment breakfast treat?
3. When the tomatoes have broken down and become a sauce, add beans. Cook for 5 minutes.
4. Add fresh herbs and cook for 5 minutes more.
The premise for this Channel 7 show is that Matt Moran (of Aria fame) leads three amateur cooks (lawyers, doctors, lifesavers etc) to produce a high quality meal for 50 people in a pseudo restaurant. For each dish you decided whether the quality was up to scratch and if you enjoyed it you agree to pay for it.
I got an email invitation from a work colleague (thanks Toni!) explaining how to be part of the show and then I passed the good news on to many Sydney food bloggers. I spotted Julia and Emily there tonight (in fact the chance seating arrangments meant we had a "bloggers corner"). Be sure to check out their reviews as well, since there was certainly controversy over the food.
Once seated in the restaurant it was weird being filmed. At the beginning they had everyone stand and give a massive round of applause about nothing. Then they filmed us all clapping and smiling and looking like fools. Once we were in good spirits they introduced Matt Moran and we all cheered him as he made his way to the kitchen. We then watched as he and three butchers went about cooking for 50 hungry mouths.
Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately, Moran didn’t spit the dummy during this episode of The F Word.
I just hope the show turns out to be more than poor Matt Moran being forced to fawn over randoms! (Although, having said all this I sat right next to Anthony Callea and managed to eavesdrop on as much of his conversation as I know he and his friend eavesdropped on ours. He turned out to be quite a sweet little fellow and I won’t think of him as the devil’s peanut shelf anymore.)
Service was sporadic as well. They mixed sparkling and still water and we spotted them accidently pouring Anthony Callea the rest of our bottle of sauvignon blanc then just never bothering to inform us about it. Oh well, it's a TV show. What do we expect?!?
Throughout filming, one thing the production team kept emphasising is that they wanted everyone to be honest and they wanted to hear some real feedback. Controversy makes great TV.
My only real criticism was that some portions of the crackling was undercooked and this meant it was ridiculously chewy and impossible to eat. Mine was fine, but three out of four at my table were not.
After the main course, Matt Moran came out to admonish the crowd. Only 20 out of 50 patrons agreed to pay for the pork. What a terrible verdict! I was somewhat shocked by this because mine had been surprisingly good. Four of the 20 people who agreed to pay were at my own table. What had happened elsewhere?
While I agreed completely with Moran’s comments and felt (perhaps very arrogantly) that some of the audience needed some food education, I also felt that the show was supposed to be about what people were prepared to eat and prepared to pay for. And it seemed they honestly didn’t like the main course.
If you want info on how to be part of the show, it’s filmed Tuesday nights in Sydney (through February 2007) and all you need to do is call the Production team on 02 9357 1706.
For four years Jonas was a barista. People would travel distances to drink his coffee. He could make patterns by pouring in the milk and one café doubled its coffee sales two months after he started there. He was, in our little world, a coffee whiz kid.
I’d go into his café and people would laugh when I told them I don’t drink coffee. They thought it was hilarious that the coffee genius dated someone who didn’t even drink coffee.
Well, this year I started drinking coffee. It all began with the cold Frizz Coffee sodas and then I moved onto the real stuff in the mornings. I have developed a real addiction to the flavour, especially when sweetened.
So, here are seven coffee recipes to keep my new love alive.

Mike was only a child when he was last at the Eisteddfod with his dad years ago.
But yesterday he saw for himself the incredible ability of the festival to bring everybody together through music.
“I can’t help but see it through the eyes of a rock and roll artist as such as T in the Park and Glastonbury, but represents a more folk element of the culture,” Mike said.
“There is a great atmosphere and you are immediately struck that it is about peace and love and understanding and those are the core values of rock and roll.
“I see it is a modern new age festival that has the potential to go forward into the future based on its great grass roots founding.
“When you look at the trend in music festivals at this time, Glastonbury had its best ever year and it is not just the up and coming acts.
“And in a way they are all taking something from this festival, because to survive you have to appeal to all age groups.
“That is something rock and roll has forgotten how to do in regaining its all-encompassing foothold which is what great music has always been about that it appeals to everybody.”
He added: “We have a festival here in Llangollen and this could be the one to rival others such as Glastonbury or the T in the Park, in Scotland.
“And why not because we need one in Wales.”
He has performed at the top of the Empire State Building and recorded the highest gig in the world on Everest for the charity.
And now he is thinking about a way to integrate it into the Eisteddfod.
“I never came here with that in mind,” he said.
“But seeing it I just thought it was the perfect place, with the symbolic messages that it is sending out, the holding of hands, and the silence.
“It is something that we do on our walks, such as Everest were we held a silence and up Snowdon where people may climb to remember someone they lost.
“It’s always one of the most powerful moments in the journey and I thought it was natural that maybe it was something we could tie in here.”
Yesterday the new President of the Rotary International in Great Britain and Ireland, David Fowler, was also at the Eisteddfod to plant a tree as a special memento of his visit.

Data Governance: Designed to provide a framework to help organizations identify, manage, and implement appropriate controls around personal data processing activities.
Privacy Program Management: Designed to enable organizations to group processing activities for the purposes of performing data protection impact assessments and tracking regulatory and data breach communications with data protection authorities.

According to Simmons, her husband has been called back to work even though the fire danger rating in the area has been classified as “high” and “extreme.”
“There seems to be a lack of common sense when it comes to the volatility of the bush in these extreme heat conditions,” she said. “People think they can put out a fire if they inadvertently start one; I am very concerned about my husband’s safety in the bush.”
Simmons said that, a few days ago, a processor machine sparked a fire in the Lake Babine area.
“They [logging workers] managed to get the fire out before the initial fire attack crew got there,” she said. “They had to spend the night to make sure the fire didn’t flare up again.”
The local resident says this rule is not enough to protect workers.
Meanwhile, Simmons said her husband won’t be going back to work until the fire danger rating has been reduced.
“It’s one thing to fight a fire that was started by lightning, but definitely another when it’s caused by lack of common sense,” she added.
Pojar explained that industry operators have specific legal obligations under the Wildfire Act and Regulation with respect to fire use, fire prevention and fire control. According to Pojar, ultimately it is their responsibility to ensure safety.

It all begins with installation. It's important to know which versions can coexist on the same server, as well as the details for configuring multiple server instances. When it comes to configuration, little has changed in the way of physical files and recovery modes; but, the database mail subsystem has been rebuilt from the ground up with no dependency on MAPI or Outlook. This should come as a welcome addition to developers and administrators who need e-mail notification of job failures; but don't want to open additional ports on their dedicated SQL servers.
SQL 2005 places a strong emphasis on security with more granular permissions, encryption, and security schemas to manage the increased complexity. Securables form a hierarchy beginning with the server, extending to the database, and ending at the object level.
SQL agent jobs are a vital component; but, play only a minor role in the official exam objectives. You should be familiar with creating jobs, adding steps, schedules, and notifications. The scheduling and recovery of db and log backups are always important. Understand the difference between full, differential, and log backups, as well as, how and in what order to restore them in the event of a hardware failure or data corruption.
Set up database mirroring and understand its role as an alternative to replication or clustering.
Explore database snapshots and know how they fit into a disaster recovery plan.
Run a few traces with the new Profiler and note the new templates, columns, and features.
Since most of us will have had the chance to implement only a few of the new features at best in a production environment, try using the AdventureWorks db as a testing ground to familiarize yourself with the utility and syntax of the powerful new tools in SQL 2005's arsenal.

Your best friend is a noble dog named...Jan?
Are you sure he's smiling? He looks rather pensive to me.
Well, it did. In some small yet valuable way, this game bonds the others of the trilogy together in a way that makes them all more meaningful. And, more importantly, the technical problems and translation errors we saw in the past two installments have been drastically reduced.
But generic combat, the level grind, is average. Fortunately, since there are no random encounters (sprites of the enemies exist, roaming the field), you don't have to do much fighting.
There exists a special bonus area that allows your party to join up with playable characters from the previous two Legend of Heroes titles; however, you can only grab characters from other games if you have saved data from those games, and you encountered said characters during your travels (i.e. end-game saves have everyone unlocked). It may have no bearing on the story, but if you want to re-live some fun times with all the characters in the world of Gagharv, now's your chance!
If it weren't for the nice aesthetic features and a decent storyline, I would've dropped this game like a bad habit. My warning to you is that you will probably not have fun playing this game. Reading, looking, hearing, yeah that's all good; but actually playing? You are bound to be let down.
Time to play the comparison game. Here's the low-down: the previous two games in the Gagharv trilogy were first developed in the mid-90s, re-made for PC around the year 2000, and then ported to PSP. Song of the Ocean, however, was first created in 2000, so it has a bit of a graphical edge. Rather than having to be revamped, it was pretty decent from the start.
Unfortunately, the game lacks FMV cut scenes which we did see in the previous games. Falcom makes up for this with some stellar in-game cut scenes and overall visual improvements. In short, the game looks good.
The good news, however, is that this is all the bad news I have. Well, that and one more thing- if you were expecting voice acting, don't. The game doesn't have any. It's been the standard for the entire Gagharv Trilogy, and it's not going to change now.
Here are the problems with control: some of the menus are clunky and difficult to navigate, character movement on the field is too slow, and buttons occasionally fail to register. I'm docking ten points for each of those problems. Otherwise, everything works nicely.

Today we have updated to 6.2 as is tradition. Not Aion continues our long streak of keeping up with retail patches on the same day as the patch is released.
You will have to download a new launcher for Not Aion with 6.2! The x32 and x64 launchers have been updated and can be downloaded here: https://notaion.com/launcher/Not_Aion_Launcher.zip
If you are getting the Error [1024] when launching the client, it means you are using the old launcher for Not Aion which clearly doesn't work anymore. So just get on with it and download the new one from the link above!
The update brings a plethora of changes to stats, gear, a new level 80 cap, removal of the Essence/Creativity system, and much, much more. I'm not going to list all those changes here as you can read about most of that stuff in the official patch notes.
Secret Library is, unfortunately, completely gone and will not be returning. The map has been removed from the client and no real substitute exists, so we will be retiring this instance even though it is with great sadness.
Since GameForge decided to surprise us all with an unexpectedly early release of 6.2 (2 weeks earlier than I had planned for unfortunately), you may find that the patch on Not Aion is a bit rough on the edges. New skill mechanics associated with the Daevanion skills such as shortening skill cooldowns, triggering on special conditions, etc. are pretty much all not working at this stage. I will be focusing on implementing those new skill features as soon as possible. So, please bear with us if there's a few more bugs than the usual high quality you're used to on Not Aion.
ALL existing gear, weapons, armors, accessories, plumes, bracelets, you name it, will become unusable when the patch goes live. No items will be deleted, so you can sleep sound knowing that none your skins will disappear overnight.
All-powerful Enchantment Stones (omega) and Holy Upgrade Serums (TS) serve no purpose in 6.2. They are useless and will not be exchanged. Existing players already have the advantage of being able to save up piles of Might before a patch. You're not going to get any further advantages than that.
Transformations are available and unlocked up to the Green grade for everyone. The transformations above this grade are currently not possible to unlock, but scrolls will be available in the Item Shop and from future rewards.
And many, many other things that you will have to find out yourself by logging in!
A note about the contributors who helped out with level 80 base stats and more in preparation of the patch.
As soon as the craze has gone down a little bit, I will compile a list of contributors and send you PM's on forum asking for which character you want to receive the reward on (and what the reward is). That'll probably be tomorrow as tonight is still quite hectic.
On another note, there's a few issues with stuff like auto attack damage from Assassins, etc. All of this is being looked at and fixed as soon as we find out what's right and wrong.
I just want to give an official word on the matter of players abusing the bugs with Assassin damage, creating multiple accounts to spam Anoha's Challenge.
Any player who participated in such bug abuse will be punished. Depending on the severity, you will either have your items taken away or be banned (up to permanently for the worst offenders).
The ones who abused the most (8 players total) have been permabanned on all accounts. Everyone who abused on at least 3 separate accounts has been banned for 1 week.
Yes, it's supposed to work like that because the new random stats system is still not implemented here, so you can't get all the possible stats. You'll have to wait a bit before we're done with it.

The intensity of dark chocolate can be overwhelming when combined with wine, especially if the wine is dry or bitter.
If you’re interested in getting the maximum health benefits out of your chocolate, dark chocolate is the way to go. It contains the highest concentrations of anti-oxidant flavanols.
The percentage of cocoa in the chocolate is usually listed on the label.
If you crave the more bitter taste of dark chocolate along with the creamy goodness of milk chocolate, consider a “dark milk chocolate,” which can contain up to 42% chocolate liquor.
Try chocolate with fruit, nuts, or other additives. For a more complex flavor and texture experience, choose chocolate that contains nuts or other additions, like sea salt, caramel, hazelnut liquor, or even red pepper. Fruit dipped in chocolate can also make an interesting pairing with wine.[4]
Give inexpensive chocolate treats a chance. You don’t have to limit yourself to fancy, high-end chocolates to achieve a delicious and fun pairing. Consider pairing wine with a classic candy bar, chocolate kisses, or peanut butter cups.[5]
For example, if you’re eating sweet chocolate, opt for a dessert wine like port, Madeira, or sweet sherry rather than a drier Pinot Noir.
For example, a simple, bittersweet chocolate bar might go well with a light, sparkling, fruity wine, like a Brachetto d’Acqui.
Try a fruity red wine with dark chocolate. If you’re eating bitter dark chocolate, you can get away with a less sweet wine. The wine you select should be fruity, low in tannins, and not super dry or acidic.[8]
Keep an open mind. Remember that wine pairing guidelines are just that: guidelines. Although most wine connoisseurs wouldn’t recommend it, you might love the contrast of a super-sweet white chocolate with an ultra-dry red wine. The only way to know what you like is to try different things.[14]
Cleanse your palate. To really appreciate the tastes of wine and chocolate together, use a simple palate cleanser to get any lingering flavors from dinner out of your mouth. Eat something with a neutral flavor, like a few bites of white bread, and drink a little water.[15]
Hold each piece of chocolate to your nose and take a moment to inhale deeply before you bite.
Before taking a sip of wine, swirl the glass gently, then take a series of quick, short sniffs from just above the top of the glass.[17]
Taste the chocolate before sipping the wine. Take a small bite of chocolate, and allow it to melt enough to coat the inside of your mouth. Close your eyes and concentrate on what you feel and taste. Make note of:[18]
What type of wine should we have with a dessert of mint chocolate and mint sorbet?
What is the best wine for peppered milk chocolate?
A spicy dark wine like a red zinfandel or a malbec is probably a good place to start. You could also try a sweet dessert wine.
Give yourself many taste testings to develop your preferences. Keep track of what works and doesn't work, and make a list or chart to refer to in the future.

He didn't have any time to plan for the unexpected absence of do-it-all star Denzel Valentine either, but Valentine's teammates helped the top-ranked Spartans avert disaster in their first game without him.
Valentine had minor knee surgery last week, and Izzo said before the team departed Monday that the national player of the year candidate hasn't experienced any setbacks but would need another week and a half to recover.
The Spartans (13-0) secured the best start in school history with a 99-93 overtime victory over Oakland last Tuesday in Detroit, but it was clear they missed Valentine at times.
Despite the close call, Michigan State received all but one vote to remain the No. 1 team in the nation for a school-record fourth straight week.
''I'm not really worried about the points I scored,'' Harris said. ''That's what I'm supposed to do. I'm just glad I got to be part of the win and making history."
Peter Jok overcame a shaky start to score 21 points with a career-high five 3-pointers in the last contest after going 2 for 10 from the field and scoring four points against Drake.
''I put him right back in and he just took over the game,'' McCaffery said. ''And that's the Peter Jok we need to see. When his game is tight like that, he affects the game at both ends.''
"I think any time you enter into conference play, you recognize a challenge and we'll do everything we can to get everybody ready," McCaffery said. "I think we're in a pretty good place."

I don’t generally read about dragon shifters as most of them are PNR books! This at least sounds like more plot than romance and I already have it on my tbr to read at some point. It was the cover that first caught my eye when I grabbed it!
Me too, it was fun to have dragon shifters in this book. And the cover is really pretty indeed!
I have seen a few books with dragon shifters, it’s definitely cool :).

A weakness of the study is that because the outcome measure is so subjective, placebo patients may have exaggerated their improvement to please the researchers.
I pass on this abstract from Boroditsky et al., and a few clips from the article:
I've been meaning to point out an interesting article by Jonah Lehrer that focuses on the work of 70-year old physicist Geoffrey West, who decided to turn his attention to discerning whether the cities that containing an ever increasing fraction of the world's population (82% of the people in the U.S. live in cities) follow discernible patterns and laws. Some edited clips:
People, however, do not go to cities because they are more efficient, they go because their are more social and commercial interactions. West and colleagues were able to quantify Jane Jacob's points in her famous book “The Death and Life of Great American Cities.”
...whenever a city doubles in size, every measure of economic activity, from construction spending to the amount of bank deposits, increases by approximately 15 percent per capita (It also experiences a 15 percent per capita increase in violent crimes, traffic and AIDS cases). It doesn’t matter how big the city is; the law remains the same...everything that’s related to the social network goes up by the same percentage.
We realize that more and more users are accessing the web on smartphones, and we want to make sure that blogs still look nice when viewed on these smaller screens. We’ve put a lot of work into creating a mobile version of BlogSpot, which will automatically detect if a blog is accessed on a smartphone and then display a mobile-optimized version.
I have enabled this feature, so now if you go to mindblog.dericbownds.net using your iPhone or other smartphone, you see this new format.
Couzin-Frankel does an interesting piece in the News section of the Dec. 17 issue of Science, consonant with my opinion that inflammatory processes are one of the main issues in aging. The abstract:
Not long ago, inflammation had a clear role: It was a sidekick to the body's healers, briefly setting in as immune cells rebuilt tissue damaged by trauma or infection. Today, that's an afterthought. Inflammation has hit the big time. Over the past decade, it has become widely accepted that inflammation is a driving force behind chronic diseases that will kill nearly all of us. Cancer. Diabetes and obesity. Alzheimer's disease. Atherosclerosis. Here, inflammation wears a grim mask, shedding its redeeming features and making sick people sicker.
I've been enjoying playing a bit with Google's new 3-D body browser that lets you proceed through body layers (muscles,organs, bones, circulatory and nervous systems), clicking on a part or area to see it outlined and identified. It is still very much under development, with the nervous system and brain yet to be fully engaged. When it's further along, it should be a tremendously convenient look up tool. You need a web browser that supports WebGL, such as Chrome or Firefox 4 Beta. You can share the exact scene you are viewing by copying and pasting the URL (the sciatic nerve, for example).
Coming upon cheerful news like the following makes me want to dig a hole, get in it, and pull it in after myself....
In other words, if you have a thicker layer of prefrontal nerve cells, you might be less prone to emotional upset from unpleasant stimuli.
Schumann and Ross note that it is not because men have more fragile egos, but because they have a higher threshold for what constitutes offensive behavior.
This seems not to be happening in Olga Kotelko, and a number of studies are looking at processes that seem to stall the natural processes of aging.
Exercise has been shown to add between six and seven years to a life span...Two recent studies involving middle-aged runners suggest that the serious mileage they were putting in, over years and years, had protected them at the chromosomal level. It appears that exercise may stimulate the production of telomerase, an enzyme that maintains and repairs the little caps on the ends of chromosomes that keep genetic information intact when cells divide. That may explain why older athletes aren’t just more cardiovascularly fit than their sedentary counterparts — they are more free of age-related illness in general.
..all sorts of well-established multiply confirmed findings have started to look increasingly uncertain, It's as if our facts were losing their truth: claims that have been enshrined in textbooks are suddenly unprovable. This phenomenon doesn't yet have an official name, but it's occurring across a wide range of fields, from psychology to ecology. In the field of medicine the phenomenon seems extremely widespread, affecting not only antipsychotics but also therapies from cardiac stents to Vitamin E and antidepressants...a forthcoming analysis demonstrates that the efficacy of antidepressants has gone down as much as three-fold in recent decades.
Lehrer tells the story of a number of serious scientists who have reported statistically significant effects with appropriate controls, only to find then disappear over time, seemingly iron-clad results that on repetition seemed to fade away. One example is "verbal overshadowing", subjects being shown a face and asked to describe it being much less likely to recognize the face when shown it later than those who had simply looked at it. Another theory that has fallen apart is the claim that females use symmetry as a proxy for reproductive fitness of males. A 2005 study found that of the 50 most cited clinical research studies (with randomized control trials), almost half were subsequently not replicated or had their effects significantly downgraded, and these studies had guided clinical practice (hormone replacement therapy for menopausal women, low-dose aspirin to prevent heart attacks and strokes).
It is not entirely clear why this is happening, and several possibilities are mentioned:
-statistical regression to the mean, an early statistical fluke gets canceled out.
We shouldn't throw out the baby with the bath water, as Lehrer notes in a subsequent blog posting. These problems don't mean we shouldn't believe in evolution or climate change:
Clinicians are accustomed to thinking in terms of syndromes, not deconstructed trait ratings. Researchers think in terms of variables, and there’s just a huge schism.... the committee was stacked with a lot of academic researchers who really don’t do a lot of clinical work. We’re seeing yet another manifestation of what’s called in psychology the science-practice schism.”
Sejnowski writes an interesting review of work by Desrochers et al., which examines whether basic principles of reinforcement learning, coupled with a complex environment and a large memory, might account for more complex behaviors. They show that reinforcement learning can explain not only behavioral choice in a complex environment, but also the evolution toward optimal behavior over a long time. They studied, in the monkey, the sort of eye movements we make several times a second when scanning a complex image (the scan path is dramatically influenced by what we are thinking.) Here is their abstract, followed by Sejnowski's summation.
...the jury is still out on whether reinforcement learning can explain the highest levels of human achievement. Rather than add a radically new piece of machinery to the brain, such as a language module, nature may have tinkered with the existing brain machinery to make it more efficient. Children have a remarkable ability to learn through imitation and shared attention, which might greatly speed up reinforcement learning by focusing learning on important stimuli. We are also exceptional at waiting for rewards farther into the future than other species, in some cases delaying gratification to an imagined afterlife made concrete by words. Supercharged with a larger cerebral cortex, faster learning, and a longer time horizon, is it possible that we solve complex problems in mathematics the same way that monkeys find optimal scan paths?
From the 'Editor's Choice' section of the Nov. 26 Science Magazine:
More space between neurons in the human brain (right) compared with the chimp brain (left) could allow more complex neural wiring.
The authors suggest that human brain evolution was likely characterized by an increase in the number and width of cortical minicolumns and the space available for interconnectivity between neurons in the frontal lobe, especially the prefrontal cortex.

The article ended with the conclusion that blockchains get their value from having multiple parties working together and sharing business processes in a value chain. Public versus private implementations each have their own pros and cons and therefore are different. To recap, please see Table 1 below.
Using blockchain technology is much more than simply introducing new IT; existing business processes and even entire business models will be changed by adopting this innovation. Blockchains deliver most of their value in having multiple parties work together in an efficient and effective manner, which means that the process of redesigning existing business processes is not a standalone action. One has to get the entire value chain ‘on board’ before starting to use blockchains.
When using a public blockchain, as the name suggests, anyone can connect to the existing infrastructure of, for example, Bitcoin or Ethereum. This means that one can simply start transacting on this network without setting up an IT infrastructure to facilitate this.
As one can imagine, the greater flexibility of private blockchains also incurs a greater responsibility and getting grip on the risks involved in running such a platform is essential.
Therefore the writer of this article has carried out systematic research into the IT risks involved in implementing distributed ledger technology for financial transaction processes. This has resulted in a DLT maturity model which can be used to assess the state of a DLT implementation and how well certain DLT-specific IT risks are under control.
“The business risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, involvement, influence and adoption of IT within an enterprise.”
The studies related to IT risks were used in combination with existing literature on financial services to build the IT risk areas. Implementing DLT technologies exposes an organization to several IT risk factors, these risks can be summarized into eight DLT risk areas, which are shown in Figure 1.
Some of the risks in the eight areas overlap with more traditional IT implementations, while other risks are completely new, due to the decentralized nature of a DLT system. For example, a new risk is the fact that all nodes need to upgrade their software version at the same time in order to prevent the blockchain from forking. However, this ‘new’ risk falls under a ‘traditional’ category of change management.
To get an impression of how DLT influences these risk areas, see the box about the impact on access and user management.
User access management of blockchain technology is a new concept, for which so far no best practices and standards have been found and set. Blockchain uses unique addresses which are assigned to each participant in the network. This address is used for transactions (sending and receiving) and enable participants to authenticate themselves and these transactions by using a public key.
The provisioning process of these key-pairs (unique identifier) and assigning access rights is different for each DLT implementation. Due to the fact that DLT heavily relies on digital identity, this means that adequate management and security around the process of providing and storing the cryptographic keys is of great importance. In addition, users from multiple organizations, with user access authorizations are difficult to manage because the network is distributed, at this moment there is no oversights/supervisory body which checks on valid access rights.
This results in risks of unauthorized access of participants (organizations) and users due to the lack of an overall supervision/oversight that manages access for user and participants.
DLT uses unique addresses which are assigned to each participant in the network. This address is used for transactions (sending and receiving) and enables participants to authenticate themselves and these transactions by using a public key.
The provisioning process of these key-pairs (unique identifier) and assigning access rights is different for each DLT implementation. Due to the fact that DLT heavily relies on digital identity this means that adequate management and security around the process of providing and storing the cryptographic keys is of great importance.
Case study – What did we learn?
Like many banks, the Rabobank is looking at DLT and is taking steps to explore the possibilities of this new technology. This provides a good opportunity to test the DLT maturity model against a high impact blockchain project.
While the specific details of this use case cannot be shared publicly, some overall conclusions of applying the blockchain maturity model can be given.
The entire DLT landscape is still very much in development. An often used DLT platform for example is Hyperledger Fabric. This platform has only been in a stable version 1.0 since July 2017 (one month before conducting this case study). It became apparent that when implementing a DLT platform the focus is on getting this platform up and running as quickly as possible, which leads certain risk areas getting more attention and with others to be resolved at a later time.
During the interview it was noted that many of the maturity indicators were steps that Rabobank was thinking of implementing, but that were not implemented at that moment in time.
The case study shows the value of having a DLT maturity assessment, as it can help not only by giving an impression of the current state, but it also helps to create a well-founded and prioritized action plan to improve maturity levels. The overall conclusion is that DLT is still a very immature technology and more research will have to be performed about keeping control over a DLT system and making sure that all IT risks are properly dealt with.
Visit our website for more information about the KPMG Blockchain Maturity Model: https://home.kpmg.com/nl/en/home/insights/2017/12/blockchain-maturity-model.html

I’m trying to book for 5 people for 6th of Oct party but booking links aren’t working.
Indeed, the booking page is temporarily unavailable.
The technicians are already working on the problem. Thank you for your kind understanding and patience.
You can find all the dates on the following page: http://szechenyispabaths.com/budapest-bath-party-dates/
Will you have party’s on in may 2019 or do they not start until June?
the bath parties are from April, the 2019 party dates are not finalised yet, please check our website in January to make a booking.
The spa parties usually return in the second half of February. As next year’s dates are not confirmed yet, please get back to us in a couple of weeks’ time.
I am looking at attending the bath parties on 3rd August – do you know when these tickets are due to go on sale?
please check our website again in May to book your tickets.
I was wondering if you guys have bath parties on Fridays? Is it only Saturdays? I was planning to come in March and it would be great if it is on Friday cos that fits in my itinerary.

Parasites! What are they, where do they come from and why do they make people feel squeamish?
A parasite is a micro or macro-organism that needs to satisfy its vital nutritional requirements by feeding off certain host tissues or body fluids that contain the specific biochemicals that it needs.
There are parasites for every single tissue of the human body  a frightening thought. In fact, some parasites can live inside us and cause no harm whereas others have more serious health consequences, and can even lead to death. Some parasites are now thought to actually benefit certain medical conditions.
A common misconception is that people in developed countries are free of parasites. This is simply not true and although statistics in Europe are somewhat lacking, about 50 million American children are infected with worm parasites; only a small portion of which is detected and reported. This is particularly worrisome when one recognises that microscopic, single-celled protozoans make up about 90% of all parasitic infections in the USA*. If existing parasitic infections were evenly distributed, there would be more than enough parasites for every living person to have one!
To give you some idea of their prevalence, see the table below for parasitic prevalence and associated deaths.
Although travelling to certain parts of the world can increase the likelihood of picking up a parasite, you do not have to be a foreign traveller to be infected. Did you know you could obtain a parasite from simply walking on soil or sand, drinking water, having a pet or through human contact? Most parasites in humans are cosmopolitan and they do not discriminate about their hosts  anyone can catch one!
How do you know if you or your client has a parasitic infection? Well the following are the most common symptoms:
 Diarrhoea, constipation, irritable bowel, cramps, bloating
The helminths are worm-like parasites and are broken down into three groups. The clinically relevant groups are separated according to their general external shape and the host organ they inhabit.
Secondly, a sensible approach must be taken with the right choice of eradication method.
Lastly, understanding how your patient got the parasite in the first place will help to prevent reinfection.
Want to learn more about parasites from a world-leading expert?

not as unveiling as some but theres so much more to come.
Any of you wanna exchange pics with us?...your missing out on hubby with just me.
Weight loss could lead to sex with someone other than yourself.
I'd do a pile of dog crap first.
WOW, love the light bondage pictures. Tami loves to be tied up and shared and we would love to share you as well. Steve and Tami [email protected]
Don't kill some innocent person on the road for fun
NOT BAD...WOULD LIKE TO LICK YOUR NIPPLES WITH HOT CUM ON THEM...
You are a beautiful girl - and so sexy.I would love to just move those panties to one side and put my tongue into your warm wet pussy, making you wriggle and [email protected]
you are hot and sexy. Please post more.
Love those pics,the ones with those sexy legs,I love to jizz all over them.I wish you were my lady. [email protected] like to hear from you hun.
I have missed U Please post more.
I admire your spirit but you indeed give 55 a bad name. Take it from a waaay more in form and junior looking looking 60 year old. Take some pride....dude!
absolutely outstanding! it isn't so effortless to find such a beautiful lady. Amazing face, lovely smile and gorgeous body!!! thanks to share and I hope to see more!!!
nice bod hard tits.If you want to hide, could you wear a little mask so we could see your eyes?
we are ready for you!!!!just let us know
that's a bag of mixed desserts...i would eat all of them except Four and Five. your mixed bag has raised and exposed a bat out of mine.
I missed it when it very first came out. Hope to see more of you two. These are very erotic views of her taking your shaft.

4 reasons you need to fix your website now. - Digital Doughnut
Have you just received a brand spanking new, full to brim budget for your marketing or digital activities? Are you thinking about the best way to get the most from your available funds? Here are 4 occasions when developing a new website should be your top priority. Do any of them ring true for you?
Your website hasn’t changed much in the last couple of years
So much time and effort goes into the design and development of a new website, yet so many businesses think once it has gone live, the project is over. A stagnant website is one of the biggest mistakes that a company can make. Rather than making minor iterative changes to consistently improve performance, a site often becomes so dated that a complete overhaul is required and thus another massive website project needs to be undertaken.
Understanding your users wants, needs, goals and frustrations is the key to designing an effective and positive experience for users. If you create a good user experience, visitors will return and convert more often.Failure to research your users means that you are designing an experience based on assumptions and best guesses, which is why so many sites don’t reach their full potential.
According to ComScore, the number of global mobile users now outweighs the number of desktop users1. People love their smart phones, checking them first thing in the morning and last thing at night. Some even experience separation anxiety if they forget to pick up their mobile before leaving home. UK mobile users spend an average 66 hours per month browsing the Internet on their phone.
With more that 50% of mobile searches coming from mobile devices, according to Google, you cannot afford to ignore responsive design.
And it isn’t just users that are demanding a good user experience, Google is actively penalising those who don’t offer a mobile responsive website. So if you have a site that is still not responsive, you need to address this immediately as it will affect your search engine optimisation and traffic levels.
Whether your goals is to achieve more leads, sales or increase user engagement, your website has a role to play in your overall marketing strategy. If you are not getting the levels of conversions you need, there is a solution.
Investing in User experience research and design techniques such as the development of User Personas and understanding user goals, tasks and scenarios will all be invaluable in ensuring positive online customer journeys that result in increased conversions.
If you recognise one or more of these scenarios and need to fix your website immediately, consider your next digital project as a step change in how you approach your online marketing. Use insight and best practice to shape an ever-evolving, user centric digital strategy and drive engagement and conversions.

How wonderful that Lili loves to read! It is the most perfect, inexpensive past time. Loving it so much, she will surely continue to read as an adult. :-)

Many of you have now – finally – received a response to your complaints that you made to the Health and Care Professions Council, in regard to the Social Workers Nicole Miles and Julie Robinson, which judging by your emails you are all quite rightly none too happy with.
If however you did complain and haven’t received a reply yet, then I would write to:
If however you are aware of these two criminal Social Workers and their attempt to steal my Grandson, Clayton and you did not complain I can only conclude one of the following:
(A) You do not think that the evil, corrupt pair did anything wrong… In which case you are reading the wrong site mate and you can find a site more suitable for your needs by clicking HERE
(B) You couldn’t be arsed as putting pen to paper, buying a stamp and posting a letter would take at least half an hour or so and you are far too tied up doing fuck all in your quest to bring about change… In which case, good luck with that pal and I hope that your children or grandchildren never fall under the beady eyes of one of the most insidious, corrupt government departments on earth. And trust me, if that ever happens you will lose those children or grandchildren because you do not have my platform.
(D) “Yeah fair play Chris, I thought I needn’t bother because loads of people would have complained”… In which case, it isn’t too late to complain, so do it now… This isn’t about me, the case on Clayton has been closed. This is about protecting all children and standing up for your rights.
If on the other hand you are new to this site, you can find all that you need to know about these two evil women in the category: My arrests and the SS.
Categories are found halfway down the home page on the far right hand side.
However, you will quickly cotton on to the plot by continuing to read on… And then you may want to make a complaint too.
Okay, what follows now is a copy of the HCPC’s response to the complaints you made:
I am writing to update you in relation to the concerns you raised about the above named social workers.
We have requested further information from Essex County Council in relation to the concerns you have raised. The information gathered does not provide any credible evidence to suggest that the assessment conducted raises fitness to practise concerns about the Registrants or that their fitness to
We also note that our investigations into this matter are essentially limited without the consent of the family to pursue this matter any further as the concerns raised relate specifically to the family and as such they would be in the best position to provide further information.
It is not the practise for the HCPC to pursue further information from families in this respect if they have not engaged with the HCPC themselves to raise concerns.
If the Spivey family wishes to raise concerns then they are free to do so and the HCPC will be able to make further enquiries.
The HCPC is therefore unable to pursue this matter and the case file in relation to this matter has been closed. This does not prevent you from raising concerns about this registrant to us in the future should new information
If you would like to discuss the contents of this letter or would like any further clarification, please contact me on 020 7840 9814 or on Freephone (in the UK) 0800 328 4218.
Please quote the ‘FTP’ reference number at the top of this letter when contacting the Fitness to Practise Department.
And for the benefit of my foreign readers, the NSPCC is the biggest childrens ‘charity’ in the UK.
Nevertheless, Heinrich Grosskopf, the social worker in question is not a paedophile as far as I know.
He was however once South Africa’s most wanted man, having been accused of being responsible for at least 8 murders, hundreds of casualties and at least three car bombs, whilst acting in his capacity as a senior member of the banned terrorist organisation MK – the paramilitary wing of the ANC… In other words, a bit like the IRA were to Sinn Fein.
In fact, the South African authorities were so desperate to get him that they were prepared to cause a major diplomatic incident with West Germany, by having armed anti-terrorist forces raid the West German Consul-General’s residence, following a tip-off that Grosskopf was hiding there.
Moreover, Grosskopf entered England on a false passport, under an assumed name and despite that fact, as well as still being South Africa’s most wanted at that time (1989) and there being an extradition treaty between Britain and South Africa… He was allowed to stay.
Furthermore, he was fast-tracked through collage and given his Social Workers qualification, despite written testimony that he was lacking in know how. After gaining his qualification he began work for the NSPCC, who later denied any knowledge of his terrorist activities which also included; bomb making and masterminding terrorist acts.
And despite knowing that hundreds and hundreds of innocent men, women and CHILDREN, were murdered or maimed in the bombings that Grosskopf took part in personally and the ones that he masterminded, the NSPCC still promoted him to – wait for it – Manager of an NSPCC children’s GRIEF counselling centre.
Yet Grosskopf freely admits that he knew children would be killed or maimed in the atrocities that he planned. The following is what he told a South African Magazine:
“Conference reaffirmed ANC policy with regard to targets considered legitimate: South African Defence Force and South African Police personnel and selected economic installations and administrative infrastructure. But the risk of civilians being caught in the crossfire when such operations took place could no longer be allowed to prevent the urgency needed all round intensification of the armed struggle.”
Furthermore, having been exposed and reported to the GSCC/HCPC, who had started prosecution proceedings, the order to “drop it” came down, from what a Producer on the TV program, Panorama describes as “the very top”… Thus Grosskopf, who still cannot return to South Africa for fear of assassination, remains a registered social worker.
You can find the full story by clicking HERE
Okay, what follows is my response to the HCPC bog standard reply to your complaints – which now also includes a formal complaint on the matter that I have made on behalf of myself and Stacey… I have however padded it out with slightly more detail for the purposes of this article.
And for those of you in receipt of the reply apparently penned by a Ms Vandenbroucke, it certainly wouldn’t hurt to make your feelings known… Just sayin’.
Remember, next time it could so very easily be your little ray of sunshine.
My name is Christopher Spivey, I am an Investigative Journalist and the above reference relates to a complaint made by many of my readers, in relation to my Grandson, Clayton Christopher Spivey and the abhorrent, criminal actions of the following four Social Workers, employed by Castle Point Council’s Social Service Department:
Firstly, I should say that I have now been made privy to your bulk, standard reply, sent to those who wrote letters of complaint in regard to this matter and as such I feel that since you mentioned me quite extensively, I should also officially document my observations in regards to your response before I outline my extremely serious complaint about the Social Workers listed above.
Now I do have to say that I do not understand the significance of that comment since the “complaints” section on the HCPC website clearly states that:
“Anyone can contact us and raise a concern about a registrant. This includes members of the public, employers, the police and other professionals”.
Course, that fact is irrelevant since in the event your reply was addressed to those who provided you with their details.
I would therefore suggest that there shouldn’t have been any need for either myself or my daughter, Stacey Spivey (Clayton’s mother) to complain personally. Especially so, since to my knowledge the huge number of complainants were quite specific in the cause of their concern and had in fact in most instances directed you to an in depth account – written by myself – going into great detail about my family’s appalling treatment at the hands of the above named Social Workers.
Furthermore, that detailed account of mine included evidenced, serious wrongdoing carried out by the social worker’s in question, as well as also providing evidence that would strongly suggest that in the case of Miles & Robinson; they were acting in collusion with Officers from the Essex Police Force.
I should just add in regard to that collusion the fact that – as you doubtlessly already know – the problem is not exclusive to Essex.
Indeed, the shameful truth is that you would be very hard pressed to find a Social Service Department in the country that isn’t acting in cahoots with their corresponding Police Forces at any one given time or another, and I trust that I do not need to point you in the direction of the mass of documented evidence concurring that such collusion exists.
In fact, you are probably already aware that the Essex Police Force are currently on “restricted duties” and under investigation for wrongdoing in many, many sexual abuse cases, dating from last year to as far back as 50 years ago… And from what I am told, these complaints are growing in number on a seemingly daily basis.
Mind you, the standard of policing is dire in Southend, evidenced by the fact that just last week I point blank asked a Detective working out of Southend Central how he felt about the shame heaped upon our County by our corrupt police force, to which he answered that he knew “nothing about it”.
Which I personally found very worrying from a detective employed by the police force in question, particularly as that wrongdoing has been big news in the national press of late:
Staff at Essex Police are on restricted duties after the force announced the cases of 59 alleged victims, some young children, over nearly five decades were being investigated.
One officer within the child abuse unit has been suspended while 11 others have been placed away from the department following the referral to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) – the largest referral of its kind in the force’s history.
These are understood to involve similar issues – child sexual exploitation, the use of intelligence and the quality of response officers – as the cases already raised.
The inquiry was announced earlier this month when Essex Police said the more recent investigations include allegations of a lack of honesty or integrity by officers.
Moreover, I strongly believe that a significant number of those complaints will also expand to include the Essex County Social Services.
Incidentally, it should be noted that I also have an on-going, extremely serious complaint lodged with the IPCC, which also takes in the complaint regarding my grandson, made to your employers in regard to the aforementioned Social Workers.
The next part of your response is very vague since you state that:“We have requested further information from Essex County Council in relation to the concerns you have raised”.
After all, if you are still waiting on information I fail to see how you can possibly state that: “The HCPC is therefore unable to pursue this matter and the case file in relation to this matter has been closed”.
Indeed, I truly believe that those concerned citizens who took the time to complain are entitled to be given a much more detailed explanation of how you reached the aforementioned conclusion – having obviously studied the conclusive evidence that I provided as attachments in a number of articles which document in great detail the often criminal wrongdoing committed by the four social workers, before contacting you.
Especially so, given the seriousness of the complaints – to which your rather lacking in detail response did nothing to instil any faith or confidence in them, where your organisation is concerned.
And since recent reports indicate that public confidence in government departments – such as the British Social Services and the Police – is at an all time low, I would have thought that as the regulating body for all of Britain’s Social Workers, your employers would have been desperate to remedy that fact.
Nevertheless, you then state that:“We also note that our investigations into this matter are essentially limited without the consent of the family to pursue this matter any further as the concerns raised relate specifically to the family and as such they would be in the best position to provide further information”.
“It is not the practise for the HCPC to pursue further information from families in this respect if they have not engaged with the HCPC themselves to raise concerns”.
And once again I have to point out that is in contradiction to what the HCPC website states. After all, the complaints that you have received are in connection to the conduct of the named social workers and as such it should not matter whether that conduct pertains to one family or a whole host of families.
Indeed, I do not have to tell you that along with the job title, comes a great responsibility and as such, any act of wrongdoing is one act too many.
Moreover, whilst I can understand that it is not normally your practice to “pursue further information”, I would suggest that the sheer volume of complaints alone would have been more than sufficient to warrant sidestepping that policy on this occasion – even more so given mind to the high number of extremely serious allegations forming the basis of the complaint and bearing in mind that nearly all of those complaints clearly provided you with easily accessible links leading to a huge amount of irrefutable evidence to back the allegations.
Worryingly enough, the fact that you cannot possibly have paid any real attention – if any at all – to that irrefutable, wealth of conclusive evidence, found a mere mouse click away, shows a blatant, contemptuous disregard for the very public that your organisation was set up specifically to protect… In theory anyway.
I say that because I notice that your website quite unashamedly states: As an organisation, our aim is to make sure that we always provide the best quality of service for all our stakeholders.
Indeed, I couldn’t help but notice that there is no such undertaking to provide the same quality of service to those that the organisation was set up to protect.
So, In other words did the sheer volume of legitimate complaints that you received from these well educated, law abiding, albeit extremely concerned members of the public not set alarm bells ringing?
I mean surely you do not seriously believe that these self same, well educated, law abiding, albeit extremely concerned members of the public took the time and effort to write up the complaint and then post it to you without first seeing the evidence to warrant them doing so?
Or do you receive a high volume of legitimate complaints, all pertaining to named individuals registered with you, on a regular basis – which in turn would imply that the HCPC is badly failing in its duty and not fit for purpose
However, in fairness you do go on to state that:“If the Spivey family wishes to raise concerns then they are free to do so and the HCPC will be able to make further enquiries”.
Although it could also be said that with receiving so many complaints, the HCPC should automatically have made it a priority to investigate all avenues of enquiry.
After all, many of the allegations relate to serious criminal offences – which carry lengthy prison terms – having been committed by Social Workers registered by your organisation.
And since a report compiled by a social worker has sufficient influence with a judge in regard to court proceedings, the judges ruling much more often than not will inevitably devastate the lives of parents and children alike and as such; nothing short of a person who has a whiter than white work record, without so much as a blemish on their character should be acceptable to sign your register.
Certainly, bad spelling, missed punctuation & poor grammar alone should be more than enough to cast a giant shadow over a person’s suitability to undertake any assessment which carries the responsibility of a child’s future… There is no need for it and indicates a lack of intelligence, apathy and sloppiness, none of which inspire confidence.
Finally, it also has to be said that your choice of wording in your reply describing the allegations as being “concerns”, only serves to trivialise the extremely serious complaint which when given the attention it properly deserves, you will quickly realise that the complaint is anything but.
And with that in mind, I submit this email to you – which will be followed up in writing – as my official complaint in regard to the social workers listed at the beginning.
Furthermore, I give my expressed permission for you to answer any questions or address any concerns that the public may put to you in regard to my complaint.
I think that you should also be aware that all but two telephone conversations that took place throughout our dealings with the above named social workers were recorded and ALL meetings were filmed and recorded.
ALL of the social workers in question were made well aware of the fact before entering my home.
And with that in mind the facts are as follows:
I was arrested at the totally unacceptable time of 1:30 AM, without arrest or search warrant, on the 30th of July 2014 on suspicion of committing a misdemeanor. That arrest is now subject to an IPCC investigation along with the subsequent malicious report made by the police to the Social Services..
Furthermore, despite the trivial matters raised in that malicious referral, Miles must nevertheless have started a C & F Assessment before I had even been released from custody since I wasn’t let out until gone 6:30PM (see attachment 1).
Following commencement of the police allegation, we had a stream of social workers knocking at our door, until Nicole Miles finally turned up when we were in three or 4 days later.
However, I refused Miles entry into my home, but Clayton was brought to the door to show Miles that he was fine.
We later received a phone call, from the CPCSS department asking if we would agree to a social worker visiting with Clayton’s health visitor.
Now, despite both me and my daughter having an excellent relationship with Evelyn (Clayton’s health visitor), who had indeed visited our home on many occasions immediately after Clayton was first born, the request was turned down.
We then received a phone call from Evelyn herself – who sounded totally perplexed that the Social Services wanted her to accompany them on a visit to our home.
Obviously I explained to her what had happened and she actually poured scorn on the malicious accusation – as I say, based on the fact that she had visited our home many times in the past.
It is also worth noting that just 3 months prior to my illegal arrest, Clayton had his 9 month assessment carried out at our home by a Health Visitor whom we had never so much as set eyes on before.
This Health Visitor had also given Clayton a glowing, clean bill of health and despite inspecting the bathroom, kitchen and Clayton’s bedroom, she had no issues with “dirty sheets” or “dirty” anything else for that matter.
You will note that the letter states that the “assessment” – of which neither me or my daughter knew anything about – had been cancelled, thus proving that an assessment had been started, the significance of which will all become clear in due course.
Approximately five weeks later, I was illegally arrested again – without arrest or search warrant – on the 6th of October 2014, over allegations of having ‘child pornography’on my computers.
The computers had been illegally taken against my will during the illegal search of my property when I was arrested on suspicion of a MISDEMEANOR in the very early hours of the 30th of July.
And the very fact that it had taken the police over two months to find these images should set alarm bells ringing in anyones head.
In fact even more so when amongst the alleged “child porn” images were such photos as a Led Zeppelin album cover, which is still available to buy in most good record shops today, legal photos of the actress Brooke Shields and a french actress whose name escapes me.
There was also some of them Japanese Manga cartoon things, some photos of paintings by the artist Graham Ovenden, all of which are readily & legally available via a quick google search – some of which were once owned by the former MP Sir Alistair McAlpine – and a photograph owned by Sir Elton John which had been deemed to be legal in a British court of law.
Every single one of those photos – except the Manga which could have come from anywhere – is still readily accessible on my website and more importantly; they are all are legal images.
I have a huge following with my website averaging somewhere between 10,000 and 20,000 people a day. And despite only been going three and a quarter years my website has had over 9.5 MILLION hits to date.
I frequently get asked to do radio interviews and make personal appearances up and down the country.
Unfortunately, the fact that I have a huge following and the psychotic nature of those I write about makes me very unpopular with the British Government, not to mention the Police Top Brass… Or put another way, the people that your registered social workers should be looking very, very closely at.
Indeed, one operation which ended in a group of ‘Hackers’ closing down a number of Child Porn sites had made the front page of the Daily Mirror in December 2012.
You should also be aware that in the summer of 2012, I received a letter from Detective Chief Inspector, Gary Biddle in connection to these [legal] photos (see attachments 3&4).
You would now be entitled to ask why a DCI would make himself busy on such a relatively trivial crime in the grand scale of crime.
You will also note DCI Biddle’s observation – which I have underlined in red – about my reason for having the photos, is purely COMMON SENSE, yet that fact does not fit the agenda in play here and in her rush to vilify me, Nicole Miles had neglected to seek out any of this evidence whatsoever.
It is also worth noting that since the Social Workers guidebook states that every case should be approached with an open mind and be based on the facts & circumstances surrounding the case, it should be noted that I have 5 grown up children, 2 boys, 3 girls – none of whom have ever so much as been in trouble with the police.
And in the case of my youngest daughter, Stacey (Claytons mother), it should be noted that I have brought her up ALONE since she was 6 months old… None of my children or anyone else for that matter has ever made any allegations of me using inappropriate behaviour towards children .
You will also note that unlike most paedophiles or child abusers, I have NEVER had a job that would bring me into close contact with children. Indeed I was a builder for many years and you don’t see many children driving diggers on building sites after which I became a tattoo artist for nearly 20 years, which of course has an 18 and over law governing the trade. I then became a writer, working from home around 3 years ago.
However, none of those facts counted for anything with Nicole Miles – which later proved to be a great source of embarrassment to her department, leading to her only taking a support role in all further interviews despite her name being on the assessment forms.
The police also questioned me in their interview following my second illegal arrest, about some topless photos sent to me by two ex-girlfriends, both of whom are over 21 and some beastiality photos that they could not say whether or not they were covertly downloaded without my knowledge and at a date that may have even been before I owned the second hand computers.
The computers have also been used countless times since I have owned them by at least 20 other people to my knowledge – at least half of whom would have had unrestricted access to the computers without me being present… You see, as a general rule I sleep in the day and work through the night when the silence makes it easier to concentrate.
However, there was also ONE HIDDEN FILE which the police allege was downloaded onto my computer between 3 and 3:30 AM on the 29th of July 2014… Nevertheless, it should be taken into account, and can be clearly evidenced that I would not know how to download a secret/hidden file even if my life depended on it – let alone find the thing again.
You see, I am absolutely useless with computers as can be evidenced by the countless emails sent back and forth between me and my website’s tech-guy. Now if I knew anything about PC’s, I certainly wouldn’t need a full time tech-guy.
You will also note that it is extremely significant, not to mention convenient for the social services, that the file was thumbnail photos of little boys, although I couldn’t state that fact myself sinc I did not have my glasses with me and as such I couldn’t make head nor tail of what was going on in the photos.
But as I say, it is significant that the file contained little boys – what with my grandson being one. Understand?
More suspiciously still was the fact that the secret squirrel cache was according to the police, downloaded EXACTLY 24 hours prior to the police conducting an illegal search of my living room (where the computers were kept), which neither myself or Stacey was allowed to witness – contrary to the law – and which lasted over one and a half hours.
Moreover, despite the ongoing investigation there has been nothing more uncovered since I was arrested on the 6th of October and of the 4 original accusations, they have now dropped down to just two.
All earlier allegations of ‘making’ indecent images have gone away, and the beastiality photos that the police couldn’t say whether or not they were unintentionally downloaded covertly with something legitimate – although I doubt it as I can’t download – have now been reduced to one single image dating back to june 2011.
Moreover, that one single image apparently is of a woman giving a rottweiler oral sex… And wouldn’t you know that just like the hidden file contained thumbnails of little boys … And my grandson is a little boy, my dogs are Rottweilers.
Indeed, the lack of originality would be laughable were it not so serious.
A pseudo photograph is as far as I am aware a drawing or painting.
Nevertheless, quite exactly what that allegation relates to is anyones guess since the police are not saying, but my solicitor is at a loss as to why the case has not been dropped yet and she confirmed to me just this week what I already knew; namely had it been anyone else but me the police would not even be bothering.
I will also once again remind you that my job mainly deals with writing about corrupt/paedophile people in high powered jobs and I have long been the focus of the British Security Service’s attention.
Their earlier victim had sent me the footage after seeing the harrowing footage of the police arresting me and immediately recognised the trio.
The footage of their assault on him had been filmed by his girlfriend and consisted of one of them trying to strangle him in the backseat of the very same unmarked car that they took me away in, whilst the other two herberts used their backs to try shield the assault from the camera.
You can see the frightening footage of the out of control thugs destroying my house and terrifying both Stacey and Clayton in the process… Yes they were very well aware that both were here, by clicking on the following YouTube link https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7XE4Nmn7lxUh-ayfQ5ZL1Q
And I am sure that once you have watched that video you will agree that the police action was totally over the top especially with Stacey and Clayton being here and the fact that I was back home less than 6 hours later.
You will also note that only one of the 3 policemen conducted a search of my home which lasted no more than 5 minutes and involved a cursory look in my bedroom and Stacey’s bedroom.
Meanwhile, I was being held in my living room – under a totally different law to what the policeman told me he had arrested me under, to the totally different law stated on the paperwork. thus proving that the Thugs & Mugs are as bad and incompetent at filling in forms as the Essex Social Workers.
Once again, I have that paperwork in my possession including the unsigned form that they wanted me to sign stating that there was no damage. We were then forced to live in our home with a boarded up door and window until December – two months.
Throughout this time none of the 4 social workers so much as lifted a finger to try and get the door repaired quicker, despite the bitter cold of winter… I wonder why they didn’t seem to be concerned in any way?
Moreover they couldn’t apparently be bothered to take the computer that I am writing this email on now which was in the room with us, since I didn’t know that they were coming. And they didn’t look into a single one of the 700 or so DVD cases in here all of which – for all that they knew – could have contained child porn films.
So, given the reason that I was arrested I am sure that you would agree that only an idiot would conclude that Essex police were acting lawfully, honestly and carrying out their duties with integrity… And it goes without saying that this second arrest is subject to an IPCC investigation, as is the assault on the aforementioned victim of police brutality.
The likelihood of that being the case is raised even further when you consider that Miles must have kept that assessment form, that she says was never started – in stark contradiction to herself and Julie Robinson a bit further down the line – which logic dictates could not possibly have had anything else written on it apart from the date (30-Jul-2014) and the name of our family doctor. (as seen below).
I mean why would she keep an assessment form for 68 days that had already been started and as such wasn’t of any use to anyone?
After all, the malicious referral of the 30th of July wasn’t – by their own admission – really a matter for CPCSS and despite some evidence to suggest that Miles is psychic – having started an investigation 2 days before she could possibly have known that she was going to be asked – it is still stretching the realms of credibility to suggest that she could see what was going to happen 10 weeks down the line.
However, Miles appears to hope that nobody will notice that 30th of July start date since she later states – in the very same assessment – that she received that malicious police referral on the 1st of August.
Course, there can be no mistake in reality meaning that she MUST HAVE started the assessment on the 30th because that is the day that she contacted our family doctors – the Puzey Family Practice.
And since Miles could not have possibly known at that point that our paths would cross again 68 days later, she had no reason not to bin the form… Makes no sense does it?
Unless of course it had already been decided by the two criminal government agencies prior to July the 30th, that the indecent images were going to be found on my computer be it by hook or by crook, and as such the corrupt social workers had already started filling in the dates on the assessment, hence the date of the second police referral is given as being the 1st of October… Five whole days before I was arrested.
Now, this would make perfect sense of course and explain why the Thugs & Mugs turned up 4 handed at 1.30 AM in the early hours of the morning and barged into my house without a warrant to search or a warrant for my arrest.
After all, they would not have been granted a search warrant because they arrested me for suspicion of harassment – a misdemeanor – and as such, the thugs & mugs application would have been denied by a magistrate.
Yet they had to get their hands on the computers to plant the porn on there, hence the police had no choice but to break the law by conducting an illegal arrest and search, which then explains why the four thugs were so aggressive and did not do a search of my home, once they had finished their one and a half hour sabbatical in my front room.
Miles must have also had those dates all nicely prematurely filled in too before whatever it is that went wrong happened, since logic dictates that had she been waiting for confirmation of my arrest before adding the dates, then the stated 1st of October start to the 20th of November end, would not have ever been an issue.
Moreover, it only takes as little as 6 hours to obtain a search warrant, which with the charge now being one of possessing child porn, a magistrate would most definitely have issued the police with not only a search warrant but an arrest warrant too.
And it would also certainly be logical to apply for one since my first illegal arrest in the early hours of the morning looked bad enough and as such it would have been madness to carry out a second illegal arrest when there was absolutely no need to take the risk
But of course, search warrants are not open-ended, date wise and I am sure that a warrant issued for the 1st would have been well out of date by the 6th.
In fact, if the Thugs & Mugs had obtained a search warrant for the 1st of October, then it had run out by the 3rd of October – the date that the criminal Miles states that I was arrested for the 2nd time.
Whilst once again, presumably hoping that no one would cotton on to the 1st of October date.
Moreover, that 3rd of October date must have also been prematurely added since they surely wouldn’t have all been dumb enough to get caught out again.
Furthermore, that is just about the only logical answer that makes sense and would also certainly explain why the corrupt Defective Constable, Martin Coombes from Southend on Sea’s Criminal Investigation Department would be in charge of a misdemeanour case, which would usually be a uniformed officers territory.
Moreover that would also be why the same corrupt defective is in charge of the rapidly decreasing allegations accusing me of possessing indecent images – which I would assume would usually be a case for the online internet police division, or whatever it is called.
Indeed, if there was collusion between Coombes, Miles and Robinson that would also explain why his hand was shaking when he went to click on the hidden file, during our interview – a fact that I can clearly be heard asking him about on the taped interview.
It would also explain why in the same interview his partner appeared to not want anything to do with the stitch up and indeed hardly said a word once I had accused them of planting that hidden file.
Mind you, that subject soon changed when I told him that if he really didn’t know how police routinely plant , then he should consider a career other than that of a detective.nasty stuff on peoples computers.
Miles does however mention the 1st (malicious) referral later on in passing under the section: “historical concerns”, which she clearly states was received on the 1st of August 2014 (as we have seen).
But of course by then the damage has already been done… Which is at best, malpractice and cannot be ignored.
Likewise, you cannot ignore, how Miles could have possibly known to commence the Assessment and start her enquiries on the 30th of July (as evidenced in attachment 1), two days PRIOR to receiving the referral on the 1st of August… Which would appear to be because I had been arrested for child porn, which I most certainly wasn’t.
Moreover, her explanation as to why the assessment didn’t go ahead, namely:“family refused for an assessment to be completed”, despite us never being asked. This will in turn confuse the reader into believing that the assessment is the only one undertaken, and [incorrectly] based on me being arrested twice for possession of child porn.
Furthermore, that is a complete contradiction to Robinson’s letter (attachment 2 above) which states that the “assessment HAS been CANCELLED”, which is further proof that an assessment was started, be it on the 30th of July or the 1st of August.
Worse still, the explanation given by Miles stating that:“The family refused for an assessment to be completed” is a stark contradiction and totally at odds with her later claim that the assessment was closed because ‘she couldn’t get a policeman to attend my home with her’(attachment 5a below).
This then is clear, irrefutable evidence of the ghastly woman tripping herself up with her own lies.
Which once again was in itself devoid of any logic since the 1st of October was in fact 5 whole days before the police even got around to arresting me on the 6th… How does that even work?
And yet you have no concerns in regard to this woman’s fitness to practice Ms Vandenbroucke?
I do not need to remind you again that these C & F assessments are what a judge relies on in court which can – and in most cases does – have devastating consequences for both parent and child.
I would also ask you how you would feel if you found yourself in such a position?
Miles then further states that I was arrested on the 3rd of October, which once again alludes to collusion with the police, in a plan that now appears to have gone badly wrong somewhere along the line for a second time (see attachment 7)
After all, Miles did not make any contact with us whatsoever until the 7th of October and then only by phone.
Miles then finally made her first visit on the 8th of october following a phone conversation with Stacey on the 7th.
As she left, Miles made an appointment for the next day, which she then promptly cancelled by phone the following morning with a flimsy excuse that certainly didn’t ring true to me.
She then arranged another meeting for the following week which meant that despite the nature of the charges, Miles had only visited us the once – which was cut very short – in the two weeks that had passed since first beginning the assessment… Which is somewhat hypocritical and at total odds with the monster that she was trying to portray me as being.
Indeed, it is a very good job that I am not a child molester what with the likes of the grossly incompetent Miles masquerading as professionals.
Tellingly, at no time whatsoever did Miles or her line manager, Julie Robinson indicate that the assessment had been inexplicably prematurely started on the 1st of October and further added to on the 3rd of October.
Indeed, both Social Workers attempted to deceive me and my daughter into believing that the assessment was started after my arrest and did so by blatantly lying to both of us, which I shall provide conclusive evidence for in due course.
Now, that first meeting with Miles was the one and only meeting where she was the senior social worker, despite it being her investigation.
Indeed I rather suspect that was the real reason behind her cancelling the appointment that SHE had arranged for the following afternoon.
Never the less, the fact remains that Miles never again attended a meeting at ours without either Robinson or a much more senior social worker being present to take charge.
Course, as social workers go, Miles would make a good shop assistant. What is for certain though is that the woman looked me square in the eyes, twice, and blatantly lied to me without so much as skipping a beat.
Both of those lies can clearly be seen and heard on film – which I have not made public yet.
Moreover, I also have Julie Robinson on film saying to me that we would need to talk about those lies away from the “you know” – meaning camera, after I had taken her by surprise by raising the issue.
To which Miles answered that I was wrong and the reason that the assessment had been cancelled was because she could not get a policeman to accompany her on a visit (see attachment 5a).
Now I feel sure Ms Vandenbroucke, that I do not need to tell you of the grave implications for the social services had there been any truth in Miles’s claim. Indeed, the implication is that child abusers are given carte blanche to carry on harming their children if a social worker cannot get a police escort to visit those that she they are nervous around.
I therefore immediately reminded Miles that she was being filmed, leaving her little option but to include the lie in the assessment – an assessment incidentally that we had neither been asked if we agreed to participating in or even informed that an assessment was taking place for that matter, but which Miles once again acted upon without any degree of integrity by answering “yes“, we had agreed. (see attachment 8)
Moreover, the assessment was submitted as being complete with the answer to the question asking if the assessment had been discussed with us being left blank (attachment 9). Or at least the question has not been answered in our copy.
Furthermore, in the same attachment the question asking what date we were given a copy of the assessment has also been left blank. Or at least the question has not been answered in our copy.
The obvious reason for those omissions is because Miles had prematurely started the assessment, on a date when she shouldn’t in reality have known anything about my imminent arrest.
Course, if she had made an innocent mistake with the date, then she could simply have altered it and put her signature next to the correction… Moreover, there would then have been no need for the despicable, underhand deception that was to come later.
Indeed, had everything been above board you only have to ask yourself why the police did not adhere to the law by applying for a search warrant, which can be issued in as little as 6 hours.
I should also inform you that both myself and Stacey – having sought advice – fully intend to take out a private prosecution against both Miles & Robinson as well as the Essex police force.
Further proof of the two social workers deliberately acting corruptly and with an ulterior motive, in regard to that fraudulent start date is evidenced by Robinson arranging an appointment with us for the 26th of November, which she had told Stacey had to be held on that day because that was the due date for the assessment to completed.
Yet even as she arranged that appointment, Robinson knew full well that the assessment had already been submitted as finished which she cannot deny being as she was the person who signed it off on the 20th (see attachment 11).
And at our VERY SHORT meeting on the 26th, rather than discuss the assessment with us, Miles stated – on camera – that she would leave the assessment with us so as we could look at our leisure.
However, I believe that this was a deliberate tactic done in order to stop me noticing that the assessment had been submitted on the 20th thus avoiding me being able to confront the pair of liars on camera.
In the event, Stacey tried to telephone both Miles and Robinson repeatedly throughout the day on Friday the 28th of November, after I had picked up on the subterfuge on the evening of the 27th.
When Stacey finally did manage to get hold of Miles on the phone with a view to taking her to task over the atrocious, corrupt assessment containing many, many EXTREMELY serious inaccuracies, the recording of that phone call is toe-curlingly embarrassing in the extreme as Miles “um’s” and “ah’s” and stutters as she tries unsuccessfully to lie her way out of her criminal acts.
You can hear the recording of that extremely embarrasing phone call – that is to say embarrassing for Miles – at the same link as the videos.
That phone call later led to one of the most unprofessional, poorly constructed, vague in content, addendums that you are ever likely to see from a so called professional.
After all, you cannot justify the unjustifiable. I will however discuss the addendum at a later date should you wish to as there is already more than enough evidence for you to get through.
Now, returning to those blatant lies that so easily tripped off Miles’s tongue at that first meeting on the 8th of October and it should be noted that despite the major spanner in the works in regard to Miles claim at not being able to get a police escort, the fact that she has had to include her lie in the assessment, nevertheless gives the reader i.e A judge, the impression that I am a dangerous, violent individual making it far too risky for any social worker to attend my property.
Course, by doing so she makes the fact that the assessment was “cancelled” or never even went ahead, even more ludicrous.
You see, despite that allegation being considerably less serious than the allegation of my second arrest, the first arrest has 4 bail conditions attached to it – despite me not having been charged at the time.
It was at this point that I asked – on camera – if Miles actually knew what the photographs forming the basis of her assessment actually consisted of.
Once again Ms Vandenbroucke, I will remind you that we are talking about a child’s future, not someones suitability to care for a hamster.
And it gets worse, very much worse in fact.
You see, despite the C & F assessment being carried out from start to finish under Section 17: a child in need – that corrupt, vile woman, who is the epitome of everything that a social worker shouldn’t be has compiled the assessment under Section 47: Protection order (see attachment 12) and I feel sure that I do not need to point out the huge difference between the two.
You will notice the clever wording which implies that the assessment was raised to a Section 47, but when you read it properly you will quickly realise that arranging a meeting does not constitute a change of status to the assessment.
Yet where the form asks: “Is the assessment taking place as part of a Section 47 investigation”, Miles deliberately lies by answering “Yes”.
And that was never ever the case.
You see, the conniving harridans seized upon a chance to escalate the assessment when at one point in their ‘investigation’ – and I use the word ‘investigation’ extremely loosely – Stacey became unwell because of the extreme pressure and worry placed on her by the corrupt Miles & Robinson at a visit to ours earlier on in the day.
She was therefore taken as a precaution up to A&E by her boyfriend – whose name Miles has got hopelessly wrong in the assessment and if she cannot process the most basic of facts correctly then the woman is most definitely not fit to practice.
Robinson, every bit as corrupt as Miles and working in collusion with the police, claims that she read about Stacey going to hospital via my website, thus proving that they were actively looking for a reason to remove Clayton.
This news prompted Robinson to arrange a strategy meeting with the police with a view to raising the assessment from a Section 17 to a Section 47: Protection order – on the basis that Clayton had been left in my sole care whilst Stacey was at hospital.
Robinson further justified her actions by stating that with Stacy in hospital they (the SS) had no idea what was happening with her, i.e was she being kept in hospital, was she seriously ill etc, etc.
However, in her quest to make a mountain out of a molehill, Robinson showed a sick disregard for the evidenced facts such as Stacey had been at college two to three days a week ever since Clayton’s birth leaving me in sole charge of his care – without any harm coming to him whatsoever .
She also failed to take into account the fact that I have five children and had brought Stacey up on my own since she was 6 months old along with the fact that over the past 19 years, there have been many, many children stay overnight at our home – both boys and girls, from the age of 4 up to 19 – with never so much as a hint of improper behaviour made towards any off them.
Moreover, Robinson neglects to mention the fact that there was no agreement between us and them that Clayton wouldn’t be left in my sole care.
And most low-down & snide of all is the fact that Robinson seized upon the information relating to Stacey attending hospital but chose to totally ignore the update, posted 24 hours later stating that Stacey was fine and had been back at home within one and a half hours of attending the hospital.
However, the police – who without a doubt are trying to get to me – vetoed the raising of the assessment to a section 47 on the specific, documented grounds that:“Clayton was not deemed to be at risk of or suffering significant harm”. (see attachment 14)
Indeed, the pair want reporting to the police because you know as well as I do that had I not been so clued up and wise to their evil scheme, Clayton would not now be in our custody… And I will not let this matter drop and neither will my readers.
How would you feel about their fitness to practice if this had been your child or grandchild Ms Vandenbroucke?
The proof of their evil agenda is there in plain sight and even if it wasn’t, I do in fact have Julie Robinson on video tape categorically stating in the presence of a senior, registered Social Worker; that the police had told her not to raise the case from a Section 17, meaning that the assessment was NEVER A SECTION 47, so why are the scheming baby snatchers presenting the assessment as being such?
I should also point out that the social worker present at that meeting – who is a friend of mine – made the 600 mile round trip from Blackpool in order to make sure that neither Miles nor Robinson broke any rules. Yet neither Robinson nor Miles asked to see her I.D, which she had to hand in readiness and indeed, she was extremely surprised that identification was not so much as touched upon.
In fact Miles paid so little attention to her, that she could not even get her name correct in the assessment or state with any degree of certainty whether this lovely lady is in fact a registered Social Worker. (See attachment 15)
You see, Stacey had categorically refused permission for Miles to access her medical records, which Section 17 doesn’t allow a social worker to do without consent. I therefore presume that she thought that we were hiding something that could be used against us.
Course, being a compulsive liar herself, Miles would assume that everybody is the the same, which is not the case and as such Miles committed a criminal act for nothing.
Yet despite the police who were heading the investigation having deemed me as being no risk to Clayton, it beggars belief that Robinson, having been told that fact in person, signed the assessment off by saying: “it is unknown what risk Chris poses to Clayton”. (attachment 17)
And I would therefore be very interested to know how she can justify such malicious libel?
Indeed, I feel that I have to say Ms Vandenbroucke that the very fact that you state in your reply that: “The information gathered does not provide any credible evidence to suggest that the assessment conducted raises fitness to practise concerns about the Registrants or that their fitness to practise is currently impaired”; is of grave concern to myself and those who complained on my behalf.
After all, you were pointed in the right direction for ALL of the above information, and as such I find your verdict absolutely astounding, unprofessional and indeed it all smacks of a cover up.
Finally, I should just make you aware that I have a lot more evidence of malpractice involving Miles & Robinson, of which I feel absolutely positive that the general public would most certainly deem as wrongdoing by a social worker – should you require anymore information.
However, for now I will leave you with my official complaint which is as follows:
begin a assessment on Clayton 6 days prior to the unlawful arrest of Christopher Spivey, and in doing so failed to follow standard procedure and times set out by the British Government.
Neglected to gather and/or verify crucial information essential to compiling the assessment in an accurate and fair way.
Failed to double check names, leading to three of those people crucial to the investigation being allocated names vastly different to their proper names.
Deliberately worded the assessment in such a way as to leave the information open to misinterpretation.
Presented the assessment carried out under Section 17 as being carried out under Section 47 in order to illegally access personal data and in order to make the risk to Clayton appear substantially more than it was, despite Police Officers from Essex Police informing both Miles & Robinson that there was NO RISK.
I look forward to your prompt response on this matter.
Here Isn’t The News Shhh, it’s an official secret.
Well, all I get is basic template replies or its not my affair as I am not a UK resident. Oh, I have had nothing in the mail either. I expect a lot of public servants are busy with other concerns such as the backlog in pedophile investigations across the globe. Seems the innocents always get the sharp end of the stick while the allegedly guilty have their files buried .
”Inquiries into why Britain’s Home Office mysteriously lost 100 files documenting allegations of an organized pedophile ring involving politicians seem to have stalled recently, with the panel’s chair stepping down, due to a conflict of interest. Did America drop the ball on one these high-level child abuse cases too?
Back in the Bush era, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency provided the Pentagon with a list of 5,200 employees suspected of viewing child pornography. Five years later, the Boston Globe discovered that 1,700 of those cases had yet to be investigated. We filed a FOIA. Their investigation is still “open.”….
Bastards didn’t even give me a reply
I feel sick to the bottom of my stomach after reading that if the cunts(authorities) spent half the time and effort looking into the whistleblower kids everyone would have a much clearer picture
)> Lorraine Pennington (FTP40168)> Sarah McCormack (FTP40169). these people have colluded with the police and lied on official forms to their insidious agenda to harrass this family, all because he is an alternative media journalist who is trying to expose the terrible things that have and are happening to children by high powered officials. I find it truly astonishing that you could send the response you did. I would ask that you give this complaint which, as your website clearly states, “Anyone can contact us and raise a concern about a registrant. This includes members of the public, employers, the police and other professionals”.
I would suggest you read the following and do the job of protecting the children that you are employed to do, not the social workers involved in this sickening abuse of power.
This is a mere taste of the evidence and on that alone I demand suspension of the offenders and a proper and open investigation be initialised.
They obviously think we’re idiots. Will be writing back expressing my concerns.
I had that standard letter from them and replied that Chris had now officially complained so they needed to investigate fairly, and that in my opinion the integrity of the Social Whores…er Workers involved was not of the requisite standard.
I would urge all readers of this blog to submit a complaint on the basis if we do not highlight and curtail officialdoms abuse then it could be our turn next.
Officaldom should ALWAYS be held accountable to us the public as they work for us…though they do not always realise that and need reminding – constantly.
In relation to my previous concerns raised about the following:
I received your most unsatisfactory reply.
I trust you have received the complaint by the Spivey Family now.
Do you think that they wouldn’t do this, or worse, to you? Or Nicole, once they’ve finished using her to destroy a childs life? After all, after every dirty job comes the clean up operation.
What an excellent/outstanding response. I was also sent the fired off bog standard letter and like others will be responding. I think the more that yourself and your readers/supporters continue to err on the side of right, the more they will be backed into a corner and the more exposed their corruption will become. People are slowly waking up, not at the rate you’d like them to. Dirty corrupt nonces that are directing all this skulduggery, I so hope you get your day of judgement.
My further complaint to Miss Vandenbrouke will shortly be on its way and if she fails this time in the job WE pay her to do then she too will have proved she is part of this core of scum taking over and ruining my country and will therefore become a legitimate target.
This man has not been treated fairly by the system which is being enforced with these false allegations.
Due to my training-as an ex Nursery Nurse, there’s not a shred of evidence against this man. Sincerely LMR
I have got the same response. It seems to me that no matter what evidence is presented to these people that their whole objective is to act as a law unto themselves. They do this by way of interfering in many an innocent life in order to see that it conforms to ideals set out by those in the political circles whose families fully enjoy rituals that contain sexual and physical abuse. People such as these carry out such acts against not only their own families but also those who they class as less than affluent or educated.
I will send another letter off to these smarmy and disgusting leeches, as they take their living like most of the other parasites who oversee their actions. They take the money, and promote the misery and suffering as it is a perpetual, financial merry-go-round.
They love it: they love abuse, they love despair, and they love all manner of child fucking, rape, drug taking, prostitution, poverty, aids, hepatitis, incest, thick people, Jeremy Kyle fans, sports fans, Royalty fans, X-factor fans, and any other soft cunt of whom there are millions – because it means they can operate within what has been made by their masters, except they do not have to suffer as much as those who may be slightly less fortunate than they are.
Dirty, stinking pigs!! Chief Cunstables, using public money for affairs, travel, and anything else they can get their grubby little hands on whilst they ignore hundreds of cases of institutionalized abuse, simply because it is carried out by people like them and their friends.
We speak openly about our experiences to other parents; and many, just simply do not ‘get it’. Yet this kind of extremely harrowing could happen to them or anyone at any time.
Ps can I just clarify the brain haemmorhage was down to a twat of a consultant who pulled repeatedly on his head 14 times with forceps and in his own words told me he would get him out if it killed him
bella, i honestly don’t know what to say after reading that. Too many emotions to write anything sensible. Big hugs & kisses oooo xxxx
Sorry M was sending this message from my phone and got interrupted by a phone call. Try not to worry about the student debt it’s just another form of tax which the government i believe anyway use it as a tool, a deterrent, to put the working classes off pursuing an education. you should be proud of yourself for pursuing an education despite financial penalties involved
It was 19 yrs ago but what sickens me is when he started going funny at 2 with no eye contact we got fobbed off for two years , by 4 and at school of course out trot the experts and suddenly it’s our shit parenting as to why he was banging his head of walls, hyperactive and non communicative , deep joy eh. The plus side is he is 19 now and doing great so I wasn’t such a shit parent after all
All credit to you bella. I hope there aren’t many parents who have gone through what you have, but 1 is too many. That fucking butcher of a quack who said those things to you wants sorting and no mistake. Evil bastard.
Hi again Bella-Pleased to hear what an Inspiration you are to your son and with your love and patience it’s obvious you’ve shown what a valuable parent you are…..TC Louise xx
Very astute of you, Chris and Stacey, to wait for the brush off BEFORE officially applying yourselves – it leaves the cunt no place to go, no place to hide. Her reputation and her name are about to be shredded…along with the careers of those monsters from Castle Point.
They all deserve a prison sentence, but is there a judge or a barrister left who is not corrupt?
I overheard a young mother just the other day saying to her little one, “we don’t stare through other people’s windows, it’s rude.” and I thought, yeah! Spot on! And for a brief moment the spring returned to my step…until I remembered how the rude NONCE wankers and criminal perverts are doing more than just looking through our windows ALL. THE FUCKING. TIME.
posted a comment to that self loving cunt, russell brand, on his facebook wall. he is a self proclaimed socialist, seeking out the injustice. the man is a cunt. much the same as the controlling cunts who deign to rule. by the way, 9/11 was an inside job. 🙂
you just couldn’t leave it could you? :-d
Chunkymark isn’t really a taxi-driver. He is a ‘performance artiste’. Some of his early rants really made me laugh, haven’t seen much recently. I believe he is battling cancer, too.
Yup hes an artist who has developed the persona Artistic Taxi Driver to draw attention to social issues, i quite like the fella and have spoken to him a few times. I don’t think he’s controlled opposition, he talks to much about stuff that people don’t realise is going on and unlike Russell he tackles things before they are news plus he has a massive troll following who literally run his comments on the videos with there pro Usleep message.
I want The Truth..Not Propaganda and Lies.
I think you and a lot of your readers have em on the ropes Spivey. You make a big enough noise and the high up corruptors will sacrifice those four to save their own skins.
I ain’t much help from over here in the States but I’m with you in spirit. Keep fighting the good fight.
Thank you for your email of the 25th March 2015.
I ask now for clarification from you (i.e. HCPC) is it acknowledged policy and procedure that anyone (I am a concerned law abiding member of the public) can contact you (i.e. HCPC) to raise a concern about a member of your organisation?
Sad to hear about what has happened to you Jason and Bella, puts my woes about life into perspective. Keep your chin up!
I have read your site and the many informative comments. I agree that it is obvious to anyone that you have been targeted for your work. You have upset some powerful people.
Those in the security service that monitor these things always want to control things if they think it might affect there agenda. Lying to the public is a big part of there agenda. They have established a narrative for example the war on terror and our brave soldiers fighting it. Brave clean shaven white Christians against dirty raping and child killing bearded black Muslims. They will protect the public perception of this narrative with any means necessary.
Targeting your grandson is just a way of targeting you.
I was one of those that did not complain you may think me wrong. But I think you should only piss in to the wind if you like the taste of urine.
I have complained in the past to Ofcom , Press complaints , the BBC and others.
They say they will have an investigation by an independent panel. But they will ignore all the salient facts and come back with a bland reply that does not even address the points raised.
I fear that your upcoming trial without a jury held before a judge that has allegedly already said certain opinions were offensive will not go well. He will make a decision but I doubt if it will be based on the facts.
You must do your best to repeatedly show that you have made no direct contact.
And that any viewing of your material has been sought by the other party.
Brian, the way I see it, the more people complain about anything the more change has to happen. Agree, one person pissing in the wind is nothing. A crowd of people `they` get their feet wet. Multitude they drown.
The Facebook Terms Of Service says the following:
It also used to contain another bit that is now missing.
This is also reinforced by the “Termination” section:
Sure, most users don’t really care (or think they don’t care) about all this, but the idea that you now cannot stop Facebook from using your content should you ever want to is frightening to say the least.
So basically, I suppose that once you post something such as a pic, it is no longer private, even if on a private setting and not a global one.
You link up with all of the other Outcasts who try to attain some credibility all you like, Creepy Scorpio from Dirty Harry.
The Scottish Troll is probably that shit-bag, Konigstiger. Yeah, you heard me, Shit-Bag!!!
Must be hard work for him, keeping up all of those false personas. His psychotic episodes must also be taking a toll, as he is getting mixed up with who says “Reblogged this on the blah blah blah”.
Anyway, not to worry about him playing so many people, as it’s quite apparent that his is the site that is full of venom and abuse even though he tries on many occasions to dominate the moral high-ground. He must think people cannot see that when he plays Jane, the real venom in him oozes out like puss from a bad sore that just won’t heal.
You’ve stayed completely calm, while all around you is chaos, you probably haven’t completely understood the seriousness of the situation have you, really? I guess teamwork means never having to take all the blame yourself.
In conclusion, l WOULD like an individual response to my original letter to your office re your relentless and unfounded bullying towards my friends, they live their life “by the book”….you’ve met Mr Spivey, you’ve met Stacey and the lovely child, Clayton, they don’t get drunk as they don’t consume alcohol, they don’t use drugs, they’re not out wheeling and dealing…yet sadly, people like this, seem to be easy targets for Police and SW’s…not much leg work involved really is there?…from recent television documentaries on one particular area of Essex…you really need to be there it seems, ahhhh, maybe too many genuine needy cases there though!
I watched it for ONE SAD HOUR, mesmerised, NOT by the poor starving and cold kids and their stumbling bumbling drug addicted parents, but by the noticeable lack of police officers, social workers, health visitors, community health visitors and housing officials!! Humans and little children surviving in little more than botched up beach huts! WHERE ARE YOU? LET THEM KNOW YOURE THERE, HELP THE KIDS, DO WHAT YOU DRAW YOUR SALARY EACH MONTH FOR!!!
This might be a bit off topic but it’s something from my local paper and you guys have got me suspicious of any these justgiving things:
He cites a Cardiff University study of four quality papers which found that 60% of their home news stories were wholly from wire agencies, mainly the Press Association, or PR material, 20% partially so, 8% from unknown sources, and just 12% generated by reporters. The Press Association reports only what is said, it has no time to check whether it is true. There are now more PR people, 47,800, than journalists, 45,000.
News websites run by media firms recycle 50% of their stories from the two international wire agencies, Associated Press and Reuters; those run by internet firms recycle 85% of their stories from those two. On a typical day, Google News offered `14,000′ stories – actually retelling just 24 events.
The government has 1,500 press officers, issues 20,000 press releases a year, and also spends millions more of our money on PR firms. The Foreign Office spends £600 million a year on `public diplomacy.’ The CIA spent $265 million on `information operations’ in 1978 alone, more than the world’s three biggest news agencies together.
And people wonder why we are suspicious…bless ’em!
“And people wonder why we are suspicious…bless ‘em!”
Sadly, my comment was not allowed. It mentioned the soldier by name, and the incident location and also quoted directly from the papers which may have infringed copyright, and almost certainly my words broke the terms of Chris’s bail conditions. Sorry for that mods.
Plus, I have asked him numerous times for a signed photo for my old mum, Peggy Denman (she is from Wrexham) and he just won`t do it. I think he is a rotter!
Doesn’t seem to me that she has the qualifications for the position she has. I do wonder how these people get these nice little earner positions.
Not much info readliy available, other than she was a Legal Aid lawyer.
April 2013 – Present (2 years)London
– Investigate and manage a variety of complex cases with a thorough knowledge of the relevant legislation, policies and procedures.
-Act as the primary contact for relevant internal and external enquiries and briefings relating to a case load, including handling options and instructing solicitors.
-Maintain and review electronic systems and databases to record cases handled by the Fitness to Practise Department, making sure information is kept up to date, accurate and accessible in accordance with relevant Policies.
-Preparing cases for and attend panels to facilitate decision making, advising on the factual aspects of the case as necessary
-Analyse complex case information and take decisions relating to the direction of the investigation within HPC policies and procedures.
-Provide managers and the Director with up to date information about cases.
-Presenting a variety of cases in line with the Fitness to Practise Case Management strategy, including directing Panels to the relevant provisions of the Order and Rules.
– Reviewing and analysing evidence collected as part of enforcement action against a large pay day lender for breaching the Consumer Credit Act;
– general free walking tour of the main sights in the city;
· Negotiating with the prosecution on behalf of a client, by way of written and oral
She is a trained criminal defence lawyer – so she is perfectly placed to overview the complaints AGAINST her criminal buddies in the social services, and defend them!!!
Sounds like a match made in heaven…enter Chris Spivey and friends.
Chris is destroying the very fabric of our institutions by detailing each and every layer of the corruption endemic to the current system. It is fascinating to follow, and like a snowball the following is growing.
If Chris can win his court battle, we are well set to see him make real change.
“Provide managers and the Director with up to date information about cases.”
Who does she report to, then? Her job title makes out she is the big cheese, but the fact she has numerous “managers and a Director” to answer to dispels that myth.
Who is the Director of the HCPC?
One wonders who she knows in the UK to secure the position…add to that that the salary for the job she does is more than she’d receive in Oz….anyway, so much of a “shit country” is the UK that every cunt wants to live here…and it SURE ain’t because of this fucking weather!!!
The woman victim said she had ‘lost trust’ in police as a result. The judge branded the officer ‘a disgrace to the uniform’.
The officer illegally accessed the police database to chase women for sex. He obtained phone numbers of 10 people he met through investigations, many of them women. In defense the officer admitted he suffered from ‘mental illness and personality disorder’.
Nice one Fishing………I love it where he admits he has suffered from ‘mental illness and personality disorder’ and there was me thinking that was a prerequisite to be a thug in blue nowadays! It did make me think though, has this man any kids of his own or access to other peoples kids? If so I wonder if mendacious, malevolent Miles and her cohorts are crawling all over the prick?
So the pigs don’t check potential recruits for mental illness? That explains a lot. Although I know someone can fall ill out of the blue, it makes you think..
Brighton police are evil cunts anyway, they hassle the rough sleepers here continuously, I know dealers who have pigs who regularly sample their products and there are certain family names in Brighton who have a ‘free pass’ and are very rarely pulled for anything, not even a parking ticket! My daughter’s ex was a dealer and he had stuff taken off him on occasion, but was never charged with anything, he just swallowed the loss and carried on as per usual!
I’m sure that the confiscated gear never reached as far as the police station on any occasion!
Jimmy Savile cultivated the friendship of a group of senior police officers through weekly meetings at his penthouse apartment, while being investigated over a string of abuse cases, a friend of the star has told The Times.
The broadcaster’s “Friday Morning Club” included up to nine serving and retired police officers. The meetings were held regularly for almost 20 years until shortly before his death.
I’m beginning to think the evil presence of PC … has had some impact on the on downed German airliner.
Too much obfuscation on the go to get a clear view.
The sinister impact PC has had the past 60 years is terrifying.
Er, yes, you are a bit homophobic, NS. Given that you live in Brighton, it must be rather confrontational for you, i’d have thought. And yes, I’m on the other bus myself mate.
Like what exactly? That it’s ok to love another person? Isn’t that better than hating someone?
A study by a University of Wisconsin-Madison journalism researcher has found that children who watch television shows with action or violence are more susceptible to messages in the advertisements shown during the programs.
Eunji Cho, a graduate student in UW-Madison’s School of Journalism and Mass Communication, says the excitement of a violent show causes children to be focused and attentive, an effect that carries over to commercial breaks.
And far too many of us park our kids in front of the TV as it quietens them down. But it is training their developing brains, and I don’t mean educationally! They are very easily influenced by adults.
However this is NOT the first time this gerrymandering has happened and it will not be the last until we see those who think they were born to rule where they belong and that is in the least locked up for life where they can do no more harm or if I were in charge of their punishment then it would be swinging from lamp posts!
I’m not sure if history will show whether the whole gerrymandering scandal in Westminster was a distraction from the appalling events which were taking place at Dolphin Square at the time, or that it was just yet another one of them there coincidences, however it will show that those like Porter will and still do walk among us unless we let people know what they are up to and we stop the scum in their tracks.
Thanks for that Glen C. The corrupt bastards do need to go. Whilst looking into Leo Abse, I found this bit of “info” about our last Hanging Judge, Rayner Goddard. Who according to his clerk, had a habit of ejaculating when passing a death sentence, so that a fresh pair of trousers had to be brought to court on those occasions.
For those who want to know more about the ongoing gerrymandering in Barnet here is a little article from the Gruniad, who even call it ‘Social Cleansing and yet the fuckers are still going ahead with their evil schemes: http:// ww w.theguardian.com/society/2015/jan/20/barnet-council-social-cleansing-barratt-homes-west-hendon
Of course most may just ignore it as it isn’t happening to them or those they know…..but I would suggest you do so at your own peril as this WILL be coming soon to a town near you and dressed up in fancy terms like ‘regeneration’ or ‘gentrification’ when in actual fact it is little more than social cleansing and apartheid.
As to the hanging judge Dogman. I had heard that one before, though good on you for giving it a wider audience. However that story and the attached about Porter et al just goes to show these cunts are sick, they get off on the enforcement of misery to those who do not belong in their little gang and if we don’t stop them then when they have finished with their evil ways there will be very little left for us slaves to eat……never mind somewhere to live! Cunts the fucking lot of them!
No worries Glen, no need for that mate, besides i think we may need you for the evolution!
I trust you and yours are well and when the (r)evolution does happen don’t you worry mate I shall be winging my way back from Nirvana and up for it!
Till then I shall carry on doing my little bit from this end and look forward to seeing you and the others on the frontline very soon……I hope! xx
Just a little addendum to my comment. It appears The Coleman Experience is back up and running…….at last! Though no word yet on where they have been or what it was that kept them from bringing us the stuff they are known for.
Spiv keep riding the wave, there is a big one coming, yes even bigger so keep eating right and getting sleep. Let yourself be open only to the supportive and calm and insightful input you receive. Try no reaction at all to the other shit. The trolls are sent to drain your energy, as the plod and SS have been. You have no choice to respond to the other two.
Don’t know about anyone else but my family and friends are suffering all over the place. those who have the faith and see the truth also have to consider that as our loved ones face challenges and heart break, we must keep up the good fight but with less expectations on them. We have to be self sufficient – its a goddam heart break but we are strong enough for them all.
Spiv you have no idea how your knowledge keeps so many strong, and how many more are kept protected through each person who is with you on this journey. We cant make everyone see, but if they could see, everyone would big you up.
We thank you for them coz that’s why we are doing what we do. x
Facts do Not Cease to be Facts simply because they are Ignored
Struggling to post this morning, so trying again..
Would really appreciate the Mods taking a quick look at the following letter before posting, to : 1) Check I have an understanding of the situation, and 2) Does it make sense ? No point writing if a load of bollocks as it wont help anything/one…Pls email me with any comments, then will send to Katia and post on the site..Best Regards – BigTim….
Having viewed your extensive profile online, I had the opportunity to rewrite this letter before I sent it, as I was unsure prior to viewing if you were coerced into supporting criminal activity through naivety. Whereas I am pretty confident now, given your vast experience, that you know precisely what you are doing. I’m still not sure if you joined the Fitness to Practice Department at The Health and Care Professions Council, knowing that you would be acting in support of criminal activities, or if being in your current predicament, is not somewhere you planned on being. Either way, it doesn’t look terribly good. Simply saying ‘its OK’ doesn’t mean it is, no matter who may advise you otherwise…
As someone with your legal experience versus me with none, I would genuinely welcome your input. Indeed, it would be a huge relief all round, if you were able to demonstrate that Mr Spivey is wrong/making it all up, as I hate the thought that people employed by us to look after our children, would conspire so with the Police, to do anything but.
I should point out that I would rather not be involved in this at all, but too much is at stake. My children are too old for you to get hold of, but they may one day have children. I should also point out that I would do the same for you, or anyone** else facing a similar injustice. Shame more of us honest, decent people aren’t looking out for each other, isn’t it ?
To summarise the questions I would welcome your response to –
2 – Can you please tell me who monitors your fitness to practice ?
I very much look forward to hearing from you.
Hi Bigtim, I’m not sure what the Mods and Chris make of your letter but I think you are wonderful and next time I need somebody putting in their place I’m coming to you…….!
Bigtim – I love your letter. I admire a person who is not frightened to call ‘a spade, a spade’.
Turning the tables by asking those ‘servants’ to show evidence of any Spivey family wrongdoing. Of course there isn’t any!
Meanwhile, could it be that Stobart trucking is a well known ‘new career’ for ex-soldiers who have been trained (at the tax-payer’s expense) to drive HGV?
Everywhere you look corruption in the UK is stinking the place out…
BigTim, That is a cracking letter mate, well done!! I shall be writing my own letter of reply tomorrow, I just hope I can write something as good I shall be asking questions and shall demand that they are answered properly not with some bog standard letter.
Keep up the good fight everyone. Take care Keith.
Contrary to section 4A(1) and (5) of the public order act 1986.
(like I was saying ‘had a few drinks!’). All I was going to add was that we need to remember we’re at war with snakes…be the bigger snake.
Will gather all witnesses and video evidence i can, the arrest was false as I know my character and I would not threaten anyone. This whole ordeal was caused by the Dvla parliament team for giving false information about me to the police who they manipulated and used to act as civil enforcers against a me and steal my property.
I may have studied the law but I am certainly new to being arrested, so if anyone can offer advice on the next steps please let me know.
Our expert actions against the police solicitors have pursued many successful actions against the police and other bodies over the years.
Read more about the types of cases they have pursued here.
If you want to pursue your own actions against the police claim, please contact us by e-mail: info@policeclaims.co.uk, or call 0845 658 8479.
Bloody well done for all those letters. feel a bit out of it all here in ‘Oz’ but with you in spirit.
This is for Chris and everyone here.
falselyaccused.co.uk deals solely with False Allegation, Criminal Appeals, and Miscarriage of Justice cases involving only those serious offences listed below
1.To help fight cases for those falsely accused of any of the offences listed above before trial and after conviction.
In addition and, to the best of our knowledge, there are no grants or funding projects available that will pay for, or reimburse to a Client, the fees that other experts and our selves defending these types of allegations must charge.
The real key to defending these types of cases properly is through knowledge and experience of the English legal system. Our primary goal is to keep our literature simple, easy to understand and to supply as much information as possible.
Our service is only available to people who are facing or defending a case in England / Wales and Northern Ireland.
On cases where we are retained to assist someone in reversing a wrongful conviction, we schedule an initial synopsis that usually averages between forty-five (45) to sixty (60) days to meet with the Client, gather all documentation related to the case, and begin our analysis.
falsleyaccused.co.uk has prepared the material within this literature, for educational purposes. It is designed to assist anyone who is facing or defending a false accusation, false allegation(s) of a serious arrestable nature or who has been wrongfully convicted, because of a false allegation.
a. Pre-trial disclosure of documents and other records created by police investigations;
Sections 17 and 18 of the CPIA Act 1996, covering confidentiality, and come from the problem of the abuse of records disclosed in sex offence cases. These were being used in prison as pornographic materials. Note that this is a limited problem – there has never been any problem with other case documents.
We are therefore entitled to put the CPIA disclosure rules in a wider context
The cover-up, far from hiding the problem, is bringing the whole criminal justice system into (even more) disrepute.
Of course evidence of vital importance to the defence is not being disclosed, so there are more miscarriages of justice – as any of us could predict.
One should consider Sections 5 & 11 to be the most dangerous provisions of the CPIA Act 1996.
There has been alarm amongst campaigners and journalists that provisions in the Act effectively prevent journalists from reporting upon Miscarriage of Justice cases without leave of the Court. To report such cases would be Contempt of Court. This would apply to campaign materials, public meetings, etc.
In effect, it would restrict the whole business of challenging miscarriages of justice to lawyers and the CCRC. This interpretation may be right, in which case, it would be a major problem for us, when trying to help with cases in which the police investigation started after 1 April 1997, when the CPIA came into being.
We are not a support organisation and we do not hold ourselves out to be a Legal Aid practice as we do not believe that it is always possible to work at the highest level within the constraints of public funding.
Wrongly Accused are not Barristers or Solicitors, nor are they attempting to show themselves as having the ability to practice law. We provide our services as criminal defence and appeal case strategists, consultants and investigators.
All Clients, Defendant(s), Appellant(s) are reminded that any information supplied within this website includes general and legal advice. Specific advice should always be sought for individual cases from a qualified Solicitor and or Barrister or Queens Counsel.
Hi, I’m glad we’re not going to be nasty to each other. I withdraw what I said about the homophobic thing. I quite take your point, I don’t like screaming queens either. Or pansy types. And the Luvvie-dahrling sleb types leave me cold. They give the rest of us a bad name. Next, we’ve got Steven Fucking Whatsisface getting ‘married’. Dog Save Us. I realized there was definitely some agenda transpiring when a so-called Conservative prime mincer brought in gay marriage – what’s all that about? I wouldn’t want to ‘marry’ my BF, one of the good things about being gay is you don’t bother with all that ‘family’ type thing, if you get my drift…
As for my drug use, yes of course it will affect my mind. That’s the whole point. I know I’m ‘saner’ or more ‘switched on’ than many non-drug using sheeple, so. It’s ok to have different opinions about things, NS, on this very open-minded forum we can talk about these things like adults.
Have a great evening, everyone.
Hi Kozmik, I can relate to what you say about being ‘saner’ than many of the non-drug-taking sheeple. I occasionally smoke ‘The Herb’ and it definitely opens the ‘Third Eye.’ Now before anyone jumps on me and accuses me of promoting the use of drugs……I AM NOT! I am not talking about heavy drug addiction that ruins and destroys lives…….I’m simply saying that from PERSONAL experience, a little bit of ganja expands the mind. Tc Kozmik, lorraine, x
The committee was established in October 1994 by Prime Minister John Major in response to concerns that conduct by some politicians was unethical—-for example, during the cash-for-questions affair.[1]
The Committee’s original terms of reference were:[2]
To examine current concerns about standards of conduct of all holders of public office, including arrangements relating to financial and commercial activities, and make recommendations as to any changes in present arrangements which might be required to ensure the highest standards of propriety in public life.
Selflessness – Holders of public office should act solely in terms of the public interest. They should not do so in order to gain financial or other benefits for themselves, their family or their friends.
Integrity – Holders of public office should not place themselves under any financial or other obligation to outside individuals or organisations that might seek to influence them in the performance of their official duties.
Objectivity – In carrying out public business, including making public appointments, awarding contracts, or recommending individuals for rewards and benefits, holders of public office should make choices on merit.
Accountability – Holders of public office are accountable for their decisions and actions to the public and must submit themselves to whatever scrutiny is appropriate to their office.
Openness – Holders of public office should be as open as possible about all the decisions and actions they take. They should give reasons for their decisions and restrict information only when the wider public interest clearly demands.
Honesty – Holders of public office have a duty to declare any private interests relating to their public duties and to take steps to resolve any conflicts arising in a way that protects the public interest.
Leadership – Holders of public office should promote and support these principles by leadership and example.
They should give reasons for their decisions and restrict information only when the wider public interest clearly demands.
Hi everyone, again this is off-topic but EXTREMELY IMPORTANT. The satanic calendar requires a Male to sacrifice on Good Friday (Today) in mockery of Jesus. So all you fellas take extra care and anyone with sons….well, you know what I mean. Tc, Lorraine.
ps. I know that many of you think that this satanic thing is nonsense, but like I always say, those evil shits who rule us and the MILLIONS of satanic covens across the world DO believe in it and they DO practise it………and the FACT that huge numbers of people go missing worldwide on satanic (un)holy days is proof of what these sick fucks do.
Hi again everyone. I have just discovered that there is a rare occurrence on saturday 4th April…….a ‘Blood Moon.’ This is an eclipse that gives the moon a reddish glow. Such rare lunar phenomenons are always ‘celebrated’ by satanists, so please take extra care and keep an extra close eye on your kids…..and also your pets. Lorraine
To add to your comment Lorraine, 3/4 April is also a Jewish holiday. Fancy that, wonder if the new Princess will be “born” on this rare occasion and her birth announced at a later date, bit like her brother’s was … Her “father’s” induced birth date was also very apt. Royally pisses me off – just sayin’ x
Chris. Another good blog and thanks for all those I have read in the past.
I seldom disagree with anything that you write and like many here, I am regularly amazed at the public domain evidence that you use to establish your cases. However, I do want to take issue with you on one point and I know you could say something like “well its my site and if you don’t like it sex and travel come to mind”. Nuff said.
So to the case of Mr Hein Grosskopf. While I know nothing about him other than what you have written and I have Googled for myself, what I disagree with is MK being labelled as a terrorist organisation. I, and many South Africans of my era, regard MK as freedom fighters. MK or Unkhonto we Sizwe to give them their full name, was set up by the ANC to carry out “acts of armed resistance”. Their charter was to attack economic targets and avoid loss of life (there was no distinction between military or civilian lives).
MK was set up at a time when every avenue for peacful protest against apartheid were closed. Some of the means used by the government were these:
* detention without trial of any perceived opponents of the government, without access to courts, lawyers or other outside contact
* the use of torture on prisoners including solitary confinement
* “house arrest” where you become your own jailer either for 12 hours a day or 24 hours a day
* bans on attending “gatherings” or associating with other banned persons (my Dad had to get court permission to speak to my Mother as they were both banned)
* criminalising ownership of certain written materials (even if you had obtained them at a time when ownership was completely legal)
The gist is that the government had made it impossible to bring about change through peaceful means. Remember at that time the vast majority of the population had no voting rights so protest was their only voice. In those circumstances, every decent human being would stand up and fight (as indeed, you do Chris). That, at least in my opinion, and in the opinion of many other South Africans, makes them freedom fighters and heros.
As for Mr Grosskopf, many MK members took decisions upon themselves, and ignored the issue of civilian casualties. There was after the complete disintegration of the ANC leadership by the South African regime, a tremendous amount of indiscipline in the ranks of MK. Mr Grosskopf may well have been one of those, who did things without regard for human life and I have no issue with you castigating him personally for this.
But please, for the benefit of your readers, at least put MK into a historical context and don’t just label them a terrorist organisation. You, your readers and your writing are better than that.
Redadare – I acknowledge what you are saying, but only agree with you up to a point.
It’s well worth a read and when doing so anybody who says they could never be violent or that violence begets violence should ask themselves what would they do in the circumstances……..after reading The Redundancy of Courage I now know whose side I am on!
The word I should have used was equate, the person you laughed at for going on the anti Iraq war march was motivated by anger but still acted peacefully so anger and violence do not always go hand in hand ! Hope you understand my point better now !
Hi M, here’s a link to a story on the poor side of life where an unemployed woman who at 23 weeks pregnant was sent on a workfare (UNPAID SLAVE LABOUR) interview at B&Q. At the interview they noticed she was pregnant and said don’t worry we will put you on light duties….however the scum who work at the Job Centre then sanctioned her, stopping all her benefits, for telling them she was pregnant!
I would say you couldn’t make it up but this story and the other attached article are indicative of the cunts who work at Jobs Centres and their attitude to the unemployed.
Glen C ‘The difference between violence for the sake of it….’
Hi Louise, good to hear you have got some of YOUR money they owe, though it annoys me intensely you were made to fill in so many forms and attend an interview, where they made you wait for forty five minutes to see you, before you got some of the monies owed but that of course is all part of their ‘game.’
You are right about why they don’t want people ‘hanging about’ and watching them while they are at their ‘work,’ Dog forbid the wider world should know or see 1/ The calibre of staff employed at Job Centres and 2/ Their appalling attitude to those they are supposed to be serving.
Universal Jobmatch is a farce and whilst ‘they’ may insist you sign up, you are right you do NOT have to allow them access to your account, as can be seen here:
I have personally witnessed on nearly a dozen occasions claimants being sanctioned for not accessing and staying on the UJ match website for long enough and applying for any job anywhere in the country. Whilst at the same time I know of nobody and nor have I EVER met anybody who knows somebody who has got a job from a Job Centre! That says it all really doesn’t it!
Interests ( That of Ordinary People in the British Land ) in 1983 AD and 1987 AD
Britain and takes Care of the Poor and Vulnerable
It is Important that People Vote in the 2015 AD General Election to Stop any
There can be absolutely no question that Himmler was a direct Vatican appointment via the support of Jesuits as there is no way Hitler would have accepted such an appointment of such a person into a critical role unless it came from the very highest authority.
Hi kozmik, there is a place on the forum’s Chill Out Area’S Recommended Reading, where I’d love more info from people about good reading material. – http://chrisspivey.org/forum2/viewforum.php?f=17
Of course many books are available in PDF form, although that automatically qualifies you as a Conspiracy Theorist, apparently!
Never forget the destructive influence of ‘half a curtain’.
A decade ago (at least!) I was hunting around a small olde ‘high st. charidy shop’ when I discovered a lovely long and wide red crimson velvet curtain. All the other curtains were bundled and bound together, so I asked the elderly ‘help’ if by chance there was another velvet curtain. She said, “yes. I sold it last week.”
Consider that these old biddies employed by Charidy, are solely responsible for EVERYTHING that enters the shop. If it is Hitler’s diaries – the original, then it gets thrown in the bin if it isn’t “new-looking enough for someone to want to buy it”
I stopped shopping at Charidy branches as soon as I realised that certain people in the know were getting 5,6 and 7 figure salaries for doing fuck all.
But the grass roots level is basically the same everywhere: a load of old biddies who have never woken up chucking anything they think they cannot sell in the skip.
They are closing the libraries – not just in Britain – it is everywhere. Certain knowledge and information once generally accepted is going missing…
Hi george cloney. Some people might even think they don’t want us educated! I’ve got plenty of book lined up to read and seem to have several partway thru at any given time.
An old school friend once saw me writing in a book and asked what I was doing that for.
You either think for yourself, or you rot. Most of my old mates have just become overweight, and under-nourished (intellectually).
So much information is available – but, because it is made available by those who are declared anti Roayl (I refuse to spell fucking correctly in the shite presence of) it is ignored by the vast mass of willing wankers who think it “Proud and Great” to be a subject under their evil dictatorship.
Hi Louise, just like to say that I am really glad you have received some help from the DWP at long last. Some of the ‘Little Hitler’s’ who work in these places are totally lacking in empathy…..they probably think that they could never end up being poor or destitute……..Karma will find its way to them sooner or later. Tc mate, Lorraine, xx
Thanks Lorraine-Never known have to fill in so many forms-mind you the silly bastards said they did ‘lose’ one of the forms so had to go in and repeat another claim form-don’t think i believe that though!! But the system is a complete shambles as it was so obvious watching how they reacted with the public which btw the time i was there for 3/4 of an hour the amount of people who came there probably amounted to at least 100………..TC Louise xx
Sad to hear you are going through all this Louise and are made to fill in the countless forms purposely manufactured to make life harder for you ! You appear a strong woman that’s not easily fazed but still you shouldn’t be living this way! If I had a few extra quid would happily share it but sadly I’m fucking skint too,,just as they want us to be, what they fail to appreciate though, is how rich we are in so many other, far more important ways! Tc
When Chris wins his case and the evidence is in Court Records, then we can not only talk about Woolwich again, but we can expose the corrupt nonce wankers once and for all.
The Moron just the latest in a long fucking line of cunts. But he and his chavvy friends and family are really stinking the place out.
Ah, thank you Louise, I’m crap at taking compliments but your words were so sweet! I love this site because there are so many genuine, decent like minded people here, it’s become a bit of a sanctuary for me! Chris is inspirational as is the walking encyclopedia dogman, Lisa, gallows, wolfie, fts and all the commentors minus the obvious ejits such as Richard 1 etc ! Would be a pleasure to meet at least some of you in the near future, intend to be there for the next court case! Much love back Louise , M xx
It has always bugged me how Hitler, rising from the political dog-fights of bending the rules at the very least, should become synonymous with jobsworth sticklers for pettiness when following rules.
Reading Dogman’s facts about Himmler, I can only say that ANY form of zealous adherence to ‘rules’ is a sure sign that the system is falling into corrupt and evil ways. I was refused post the other day because my second given christian name was not correctly spelt on the envelope, and did not match my passport name.
Who ya gonna call for help, the police?
Hague was LEADER of the conservative party!!!!!!
If you have not yet woken up – are you going to?
Anger can be controlled with high doses of magnesium. If you feel angry all the time, check out some health benefits from chilling down and get some pure magnesium capsules or powder to take. Britain is an angry place – don’t let your anger rule you!
or do the Freemasons really hold the keys of all knowledge? And can build towers and spires from wood that withstands high winds better than the trees, whose roots are as lengthy and tall, under the earth?
Do they believe dinosaurs existed?
It is Clear as Crystal that in Many Ways Sadly the State of this Country is basically
Most people ignore politics either due to boredom or the feeling that politicians are all the same. Decency, you probably know from your own foray into politics that those with the biggest budgets tend to fare best! It is rarely a level playing field.
Look at what happened to the Scots! Some basic maths, so please pay attention people.
4,283,392 people in Scotland were registered to vote
In a final opinion poll before the vote, 94% of Scots said they were absolutely certain to vote and that means 4,026,388 people voting.
In the weeks before the Scottish referendum poll closed, the law was broken when agents of the NO campaign were allowed to see how people had voted in postal votes. Why?
Voters turned up at polling stations to find that people had already voted using their names. Police officers have removed the ballot papers concerned. The papers were from 10 different boxes across Glasgow, and not concentrated in one area. So it wasn’t a fluke then!
Speaking to RIA Novosti, Georgy Fyodorov, the head of the Association for the Protection of Electoral Rights, stated that, “According to what our observers at the polling offices tell us, there were more Yes votes (than NO votes) during the vote count…
“I know of an Edinburgh Tory councillor who on the night of the 1979 Devolution referendum was boasting that he had voted No six times.”
In the 1992 general election, the exit polls suggested a Labour win, and yet the Conservatives under John Major were declared the winners.
These quotes exist for a reason, and express my contempt for politicians:
“Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.”
“We have the best government that money can buy.”
“The oppressed are allowed once every few years to decide which particular representatives of the oppressing class are to represent and repress them in parliament.”
“There are no morals in politics; there is only expedience. A scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrel.”
“The press should be not only a collective propagandist and a collective agitator, but also a collective organizer of the masses.”
“Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil; in its worst state, an intolerable one.” – Thomas Paine
“In general, the art of government consists of taking as much money as possible from one class of citizens to give to another.” – Voltaire
“The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people drudge along, paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.” – Gore Vidal
“People try to live within their income so they can afford to pay taxes to a government that can’t live within its income.” – Robert Half
While we have lobbyists walking free in the halls of parliament the issue of voting is obsolete, these people have more say on policy than we do, If you vote your just giving them consent to continue with the farce.
As already said, its about self respect and understanding that we will never be free whilst we give people authority over our lives.
Politics is the dirtiest game in town and lobbyists are a huge problem both here and the US. Always about the money…
Opponents of GMO labeling spent more than $27 million on lobbying in the first six months of this year alone.
In 2013, pharmaceutical manufacturers paid out $227.5 Million lobbying on behalf of their products and corporate interests. This explains the need for lobbyists:
Aside from its implications for dying mesothelioma sufferers and their families, this deal raises serious questions about how open this government really is. How many other secret deals on key areas of policy have been made or are taking place between a major commercial instructions and this so-called modern democratic government?
The US private prisons industry spent millions in lobbying dollars to push harsh criminal penalties and longer sentences in order to maximize their own profitability. Leading lawmakers like Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) and Florida Gov. Rick Scott (R) each supported major prison privatization plans after receiving tens of thousands of dollars in donations from the industry. Indeed, the number of prisoners incarcerated in corporate-run facilities grew by 37 percent during a seven-year period when their lobbying efforts also grew by 165 percent.
DuPont has an appalling pollution record and is responsible for the production of a wide range of polluting chemicals. In 1999 DuPont was listed by the US Public Interest Research Groups as one of the ‘Dirty Five’ – the five biggest polluters in the US – that together spent $6,523,677 over the period 1991-1998 in lobbying Congress, the House of Representatives and Superfund-related committees in order to prevent stricter legislation.
AIPAC is a very prominent anti-Iran lobbying organization. 55 of the 58 Senators who are co-sponsors of this pro-war bill have received money from AIPAC totaling $7.3 million (2007-2012). 39 non-sponsors have received AIPAC money too, their total being $5.4 million.

Thank you for considering Specrail aluminum fencing for your fencing purchase. We want you to feel comfortable knowing that you are buying a product that will last a lifetime.
Specrail is proud to offer this warranty under the following conditions:
B) Warranty excludes product failure caused by negligence, abuse, accident, shipping, mishandling, improper use or installation, exposure to corrosive elements, or acts of God.
This warranty is not transferable. Proof of purchase is required.

Start small with your goals. Don't shoot for the moon right away. Slow and steady wins the race. Make your goals specific. The goal “be more positive” is great, but it’s so huge you probably won’t have any idea how to start. Instead, set smaller specific goals, like “Meditate twice a week” or “Smile at a stranger once a day.”[8]
Word your goals positively. Research shows that you’re more likely to achieve your goals if you word them positively. In other words, make your goals something you’re working toward, not trying to avoid. For example: “Stop eating junk food” is an unhelpful goal. It can cause feelings of shame or guilt. “Eat 3 servings of fruit and vegetables each day” is specific and positive.[9]
It turns out that loving-kindness meditation is also good for your mental health. Studies have shown that compassion meditation decreases symptoms of depression, suggesting that learning compassion for others may also help you extend compassion to yourself.[17]
Keep a journal. Recent research suggests there’s actually a mathematical formula for positivity: three positive emotions for every negative emotion seems to keep you in a healthy balance.[18] Keeping a journal can help you see all of the emotional experiences in your day and determine where your own ratio needs adjustment. It can also help you focus on your positive experiences so that you’re more likely to remember them for later.[19]
Keeping a journal should be more than just a list of things you didn’t like. Research suggests that focusing only on the negative emotions and experiences in your journal will reinforce them, leading you to feel more negative.[20]
Instead, write down what you felt, without judging it as either good or bad. For example, a negative experience might look like this: “I felt hurt today when my coworker made a joke about my weight.”
Then, think about your response. How did you respond in the moment? How would you choose to respond now, with a little distance? For example: “In the moment, I felt horrible about myself, like I was worthless. Now thinking back on it, I realize that my coworker says insensitive things to everyone. Someone else can’t define me or my worth. Only I can do that.”
Remember to include the positive things in your journal too! Taking even a few moments to note down a kindness from a stranger, a beautiful sunset, or an enjoyable chat with a friend will help you “store” these memories so that you can recall them later. Unless you focus on them, they’re likely to pass right by your notice.
Practice active gratitude. Gratitude is more than a feeling, it’s a doing. Dozens of studies have shown that gratitude is good for you.[21] It changes your perspective almost immediately, and the rewards keep growing the more you practice.[22] Gratitude helps you feel more positive, enhances your relationships with others, encourages compassion, and increases feelings of happiness.[23][24][25]
Some people are naturally higher in “trait gratitude,” the natural state of feeling thankful. However, you can foster an “attitude of gratitude” no matter what level of “trait gratitude” you naturally have![26]
Make an effort to recognize all the little positive things that happen throughout the day. Write them down in a journal, snap photos for your Instagram, write about them on Twitter -- whatever helps you recognize and remember these small things for which you’re grateful. For example, if your blueberry pancakes turned out just right, or the traffic to work wasn’t bad, or your friend gave you a compliment on your outfit, note these things! They add up quickly.[30]
For example, you might say something like “My body is healthy and my mind is beautiful” or “Today I will do my best to be kind” or “Today my deity/spiritual figure is with me as I go through the day.”
If you struggle with a particular area, try actively focusing on finding positive affirmations in that area. For example, if you have body image issues, try saying something like, “I am beautiful and strong” or “I can learn to love myself as I love others” or “I am worthy of love and respect.”
Cultivate optimism. Researchers in the 1970s discovered that among people who had won the lottery -- an event that most of us probably think of as incredibly positive -- were no happier after a year than people who hadn’t. This is because of hedonic adaptation: humans have a “baseline” of happiness to which we return after external events (good or bad).[34] However, even if your natural baseline is pretty low, you can actively cultivate optimism. Optimism improves your self-esteem, overall sense of well-being, and relationships with others.[35][36]
Optimism is a way of interpreting the world. Thanks to the human brain’s flexibility, you can learn different ways of interpreting![37] Pessimistic outlooks view the world in unchangeable, internalized terms: “Everything is unfair,” “I’ll never be able to change this,” “My life sucks and it’s my fault.” An optimistic outlook views the world in flexible, limited terms.[38]
An optimistic outlook would approach this situation something like this: “That big cello recital is next week, and I’m not happy with where I’m at right now. I’m going to practice an extra hour every day until the recital, and then just do my best. That’s all I can do, but at least I’ll know I worked as hard as I could to succeed.” Optimism doesn’t say challenges and negative experiences don’t exist. It chooses to interpret them differently.
For example, consider inventor Myshkin Ingawale. In a 2012 TED Talk, Ingawale told the story about how he invented technology to save pregnant women’s lives in rural India. The first 32 times he tried to invent his device, it didn’t work. Again and again, he was faced with the opportunity to interpret his experience as failure and give up. However, he chose to use these experiences to learn from past challenges, and now his invention has helped reduce deaths of pregnant women in rural India by 50%.[41]
As another example, consider Dr. Viktor Frankl, who was imprisoned in a Nazi concentration camp during the Holocaust. Despite being faced with the worst of humanity, Dr. Frankl chose to interpret his situation on his own terms, writing that “Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms — to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.”[42]
Instead of letting yourself immediately respond to a challenge or negative experience with negativity, take a step back and examine the situation. What really went wrong? What is really at stake? What can you learn from this to do differently next time? Has this experience taught you to be kinder, more generous, wiser, stronger? Taking a moment to reflect on the experience, rather than automatically seeing it as negative, will help you re-interpret it.
Smile. Research suggests that when you smile -- whether you “feel” happy or not -- your brain elevates your mood.[46] This is particularly true if you use a duchenne smile, which activates the muscles around your eyes as well as your mouth. People who smiled during painful medical procedures even reported less pain than people who didn’t.[47]
Dress in a way that expresses yourself. What you wear affects how you feel. One study showed that people who wore lab coats while performing a simple scientific task performed much better than people who didn’t wear lab coats -- even though the coat was the only difference![48] Find clothes that make you feel good about yourself and wear them, no matter what society tries to say about it. And don’t get hung up on investing your size with any meaning: clothing sizes are completely arbitrary, and one store’s size 4 is another store’s size 12.[49][50] Remember, no random number determines your worth!
Get some exercise. When you exercise, your body releases powerful endorphins, the body’s natural “feel-good” chemicals.[51] Exercise can help fight feelings of anxiety and depression. Studies have also shown that regular, moderate exercise increases your feelings of calmness and well-being.[52]
Aim for at least 30 minutes of moderate physical activity every day.[53]
You don’t have to be a bodybuilder to get the effects of exercise, either. Even moderate exercises like jogging, swimming, or gardening can help you feel more positive overall.
Exercises that include meditation, such as yoga and tai chi, can also help you feel more positive and increase your overall health.[54][55]
Don't sweat the small stuff. Everyone in life is confronted with things that seem important at the time but aren't really an issue if we step back and have proper perspective. Research has shown that those material things that may be getting you down won’t actually make you happy.[56] In fact, focusing on things is often a way to make up for other needs that aren’t fulfilled.[57] Research suggests that we need five basic things to flourish in life:[58]
Remember that you can define what these things mean for yourself! Don’t get hung up on what others have defined as “meaning” or “accomplishment.” If you don’t find personal meaning in what you do and how you act, you won’t feel good about it. Material objects, fame, and money really won’t make you happy.
How can you start having a more positive outlook?
This is a good answer, but keep going. Establishing attainable goals is a great way to foster positivity. Research shows that just setting a goal is enough to inspire confidence and hope. Achieving those goals goes even further to help with your positivity. Try another answer...
Absolutely, but there's more to it! Research shows the simple act of smiling is enough to elevate your mood. Smiling even has the ability to reduce pain in some situations. Try another answer...
Use the Law of Attraction. Our activity and thoughts are positive or negative like magnets. As we avoid dealing with a problem, then it continues as it is — or gets worse. Our own negativity rules the day. But, the more we think positively, the more proactively we will act and reach goals and ways to overcome and accept positive options — and these will bring their rewards. In fact, positive thoughts can even boost your immune system![59]
Listening to music. Listen to the genre you like.
Creative expression, e.g. painting, writing, origami, etc.
The awe-inspiring. Studies show that the feeling of awe or wonderment you experience when you’re walking in nature, viewing a stunning painting, or listening to your favorite symphony is great for your health, both physically and mentally. Find ways to incorporate a little wonder into your life whenever you can.[61]
Surround yourself with friends. Appreciate the people in your life who have stood by you through thick and thin. Enlist their support to help you become more positive, and in the process you will probably help them too. Friends help each other through both the good and bad times.[62]
Studies have shown that people who surround themselves with friends who have similar values and outlooks are more likely to feel happy and positive about their lives than people who don’t.[63]
Interacting with people you love causes your brain to release neurotransmitters that make you feel happy (dopamine) and relaxed (serotonin). Spending time with friends and loved ones will actually make you feel more positive on a chemical level![64]
You can also encourage your friends and loved ones to become your gratitude partners. If you foster a network of sharing things you’re grateful for, imagine the positivity that you can help each other develop!
Try tutoring, volunteering, or ask your church how you can get involved.
Make a microloan to someone in need. A microloan of even a few dollars to a person in a developing country can help her grow her business or become economically independent. And most microloans have 95+ repayment rates, too.[68]
Find an optimistic quote or saying and keep it in your wallet or pocket. When you're a little unsure or feeling like a pick-me-up, check it for a quick reference. Here are some famous quotes you might start off with:[70]
You can ask your physician for a referral, or check out directories online. If you have health insurance, your provider can tell you about counselors in your network.
Low-cost options often exist. Check online for mental health clinics, community health centers, even public-service counseling centers run by colleges and universities.
True or false: If you seek the help of a therapist or counselor, there must be something wrong with you.
Nope! It's a common misperception that a therapist or counselor is only necessary for those with mental illnesses. A therapist can help you learn coping mechanisms and teach you how to develop positive strategies for tackling life's downs. Guess again!
This is correct! A therapist is a lot like any other health provider – he or she can offer preventative mental health care. You can learn how to avoid distorted thinking, gain insight and find new techniques to help you think more positively in any situation. Read on for another quiz question.
Avoid negative influences. Humans are highly susceptible to “emotional contagion,” meaning that the feelings of those around us influence our own.[72] Steer clear of bad behavior and negativity so that it will not rub off on you.
Choose your friends wisely. The friends we surround ourselves with can have an overwhelming impact on our outlooks — both good and bad. If your friends are always being negative, consider sharing your own positivity process with them. Encourage them to learn ways of being positive, too. If they’re still bent on staying negative, you may need to detach from them for your own sake.
For example, if you get angry and snap at a friend, your instinct might be to think, “I’m a horrible person.” This is a cognitive distortion: it makes a general statement about a specific incident. It creates feelings of guilt but not anything that you can use to learn from.
Instead, accept responsibility for your action and consider what you should do in response. For example: “I snapped at my friend, which probably hurt her feelings. I was wrong. I will apologize to her, and next time, I will ask to take a little break when we’re discussing something intense.” This way of thinking doesn’t generalize yourself as “horrible,” but as a person who made a mistake and can learn and grow from it.
Even when we don't get what we want, we gain valuable experience. Experiences are often much more valuable than material things. Material things slowly waste away; experiences stay with us, growing, our entire lives.
There are both positive and negative aspects to most situations. We get to choose which ones we will focus on. We can try to catch ourselves when we're being negative and try thinking the opposite.
There's no sense in worrying about the negatives if they cannot be changed. Some parts of life are "unfair." That's because life just "is." If we waste energy and happiness on the things we can't change, we'll only make ourselves more frustrated.
Deal with past traumas. If you find yourself feeling consistently unhappy, upset, or negative, you may have some underlying issues that need to be dealt with. Seek professional help in dealing with traumas, such as past abuse, exposure to stresses, natural disasters, grief, and loss.[80]
Look for a licensed mental health professional, particularly one who specializes in treating trauma if you can find one. Working through your traumas with a counselor or therapist can be difficult, even painful, but you will emerge stronger and more positive at the end.[81]
Don't be afraid of failure. To paraphrase Franklin D. Roosevelt, the only thing we have to fear is fear itself. We will fall down and make mistakes. It's about how we get back up again that counts. If we're expecting to succeed, but not afraid of failure, we have the best chance of staying positive throughout it all.
When negativity rears its ugly head, how should you combat it?
Not exactly. Negative thoughts happen, but we can help put a positive spin on them. If your friends are often negative, you can try to steer them in a more positive direction. However, if the negativity won't cease, you may be better off cutting ties with those friends. Pick another answer!
Come up with three positive thoughts for every negative one.
Yup! For the best balance, research shows you should try to maintain three positive thoughts for each negative thought. Make it a habit to challenge negative experiences or thoughts with a positive view. Read on for another quiz question.
Bury past traumas and try to not think about them.
Not quite. Traumas can have a lasting effect on your happiness and wellbeing, so it's important to work through them with a licensed mental health professional. Try another answer...
What things can I do when I am sad?
How can I stop criticizing myself?
Change the way you talk to yourself. For example, if you make a mistake, instead of thinking "I messed up, I'm a loser," think "I messed up, I am human and will learn from my mistake."
How can a child become a positive person?
How can I change my room to be more positive?
Great idea! Changing color schemes, making the area near your window more open, changing/adding more lighting, and adding wall art can all give a more positive "vibe" to your room.
What should I do to overcome fear of failure?
Have faith in yourself. Believe that you can do whatever you put your mind to. Know that if you fail or make a mistake, it is not the end of the world. Mistakes happen and people fail sometimes, but it is how we learn from these mistakes and failures that make us who we are and build character.
How do I maintain a positive attitude when I have negative thoughts?
The best way to do that is to surround yourself with positive people. Eventually their attitudes will rub off on you.
How can I make myself less irritating ?
Focus on the positive in life. There is always something to be thankful for. Focusing on that will make you a less irritating person.
I want to get rid of the negative friends in my life but whenever I tell them they get angry at me and then they act like they are my friend again.
How can I be positive at school when I do not want to be there?
Find something good about school, it could be anything recess, class, teachers, etc. and look forward to that. If you can't think of anything, think about the awesome future you're going to have thanks to your education.
How can I be positive when I have no friends or family to talk to?
You may want to consider a therapist you can talk to.
How can I be positive if my parents force me to do something I don't want to do?
How we can fight negative thoughts?
Every morning, look in the mirror and think about five good qualities you have.
Remember that we control our thoughts. If we're thinking negative, we can change it anytime by thinking about something positive.
Making progress is success. If you are positively engaging events within yourself - in your thoughts - then there is no goal in which you can not make progress. Our engaged goals are powerful.
Encourage others. It's hard to be pessimistic when you are trying to lift up someone else's spirits.
When you are not in a mood to think about anything but want some comfort from negative feelings, just try looking at some positive images or images for happiness in the Internet.
Don't punish yourself about everything! Look at what has worked and what hasn't worked, and remember it the next time.
Even though the downs of life you may really regret, try not to think about them too much and focus more on the here and now. Thinking positively about yourself usually changes how others think about you, too.
When you were sad, grab your phone and chat with the person that is closest to you. Take a deep breathe and try to have a short nap.
There will always be someone who judges you for something. Don't let that attitude bother you. Remember that the only person you need to please is you.
Beware of those who do not want to be positive. Look for guidance from positive people.
Inspire Others to Create a Positive and Productive Atmosphere
Be a Fun Person to Hang out With
Feel Good About You and Your Life
"I've decided to throw away my negativity forever and start being positive from now on! This article will help me to get started right away! In fact, I've wanted to be positive for a long time because to me, being positive is the best!"..." more
"It was very helpful, I learned how to positive."
"This helped me immensely, and I can start right now. I've started with a smile to myself. "
"This article really helped me to rediscover some things that helped me become positive once before, that I had stopped doing. I am back on track to be happy, healthy and positive me because of the reminder of this article."..." more
"The tips were really good. This has also included the LOA. I think I'll be better at using it now. My breakup and loneliness compelled me to stay in a corner...it's high time I get out. And I feel great now. I love the pictures and the tips together."..." more
"This article was a revelation for me. I have always been a "glass half empty person." I realized that I have become so accustomed to being a negative thinker, that I forgot how to think positively. The gratitude step works wonders."..." more
"I was not positive but wikiHow is nice to read because the people on wikiHow make me smile. It is fun to read the comments and the amazing stories that the author writes. So thanks, you guys are the best."..." more
"I had problems controlling myself when I was sad, throwing everything on the floor and protesting to my family. But after reading this article, I feel like a new me now. "..." more
"It's the first time I have to do a presentation, and couldn't find any subject, then I found this. Thank you so much. I fell in love with the website."..." more
"This has helped be to learn to be positive and patient towards friends and that I need to train my brain to stop negativity."..." more
"Before I read this article, I was full of negative thoughts. Reading this article made me a more positive person."
"The article has so many useful tips of staying positive and happy, and moreover, they all are so easy to start!"
"The step that said to challenge every negative thought with a positive one was very helpful. Thanks!"
"I liked it a lot, and it did help me. I'm sharing this with some of my friends. Thanks!"
"It's very successful, and very innovative ideas were there. I read wikiHow every day!!"
"This article helped me to become a better and happier person. I really recommend it."
"It's the way of this thinking that helps, and I am telling you, it's the proof."
"The idea of gifting anything to a stranger, friend, or anyone else is awesome!"
"This article helped me realized that I need to be more positive about myself."
"It is amazing. I really enjoyed this article from the bottom of my heart! "
"Language and pictures made the article great and easy to understand."
"I never realized that exercise can help you be a positive person!"
"This is an awesome article. It is a smart teacher."
"It gave me ideas to help myself in my recovery."
"All of it helped me! Thanks for this advice. "
"This article really helped my sister here."
"It helped a lot, thanks for making this."
"So thankful. Amazing. Helping me a lot. "
"I love every bit of this. Thanks."

Why – Across our nation, children ages 3 – 10 have the opportunity to develop and learn in schools for about 6 ½ hours a day, 180 days a year. The question is, what are they doing while they are there? How much of that time do children spend reading and writing, in gross motor activities, or collaborating with classmates? EduSnap provides a way to examine these experiences.
Why – The current educational climate of high-stakes testing and accountability has heavily reinforced the drive for perfection, which is in strong contrast to the continuous improvement model, which suggests perfection is an unattainable but always strived for goal.
Why – Research tells us that data from classroom observations are a potent form of professional development and a powerful intervention. They help teachers:
gain new ideas and fresh perspectives about teaching.
improve the quality of the learning experiences made available to children.
FirstSchool has used a version of EduSnap for many years as a way to help educators at every level move from using data as evaluation to using it as motivation for change. FirstSchool teachers have come to appreciate and anticipate data about classroom practices. This is what they have to say:
“Now we are sharing data with one another. It is clear what successes we have had and we know what we need to work on.”
“The data has helped us be more intentional and meaningful with every bit of our time. Time is so precious.”
“I don’t have to feel like a perfect teacher. Data gives me the feedback that helps me engage in thoughtful and meaningful planning of how to engage kids in practices and activities that I know are going to make a difference.”
“My data wasn’t perfect. How exciting!”
Why – Classroom observation data are provided in multiple forms. Separately, not all data provide a clear picture of what has really changed. Being aware of this is essential when trying to use data to celebrate success and recognize challenge.
How – Data that are gathered across time periods provide a developmental picture of how things change at the classroom, grade, school, and district level. EduSnap users can make decisions about what they want to know and when they want to know it.
As the district, schools, and teachers changed how they used instructional time to increase or decrease children’s exposure to activity settings, EduSnap Data showed notable changes in content and teaching approaches as well.

We’re celebrating the healthy birth of our newest grandchild with a month-long book sale!
For those wishing to download Kobo or iBook versions, be aware that their prices haven’t yet changed, but they should soon! Click the image above to go to kindle versions. Click the book images in the side bar, for full descriptions.
You can peruse the latest additions for Over Maya Dead Body, set on the beautiful Martha’s Vineyard here: http://sandraorchard.com/extras/bonus-book-features/#omdb
She almost tripped me up with a few mystery questions at the end, but I managed to pull through. Whew!
Your Turn: Any questions you’d like to ask?
Then again, how long can she hope to keep her independence with her fans (not to mention her mother!) demanding she choose a man?
But first Serena needs to survive investigating the Maya antiquities art crime she stumbles onto. Did you know that some reports purport antiquities smuggling has become the second largest source of income for at least one major terrorist group?
It’s an appealing way to make cash. After all, artifacts don’t set off metal detectors or attract gun- or drug-sniffing dogs.
If you’re looking for a fast-paced mystery, Over Maya Dead Body, will not disappoint.
If you’re counting on the guy who you’re rooting for to win Serena’s heart…
We might even chat about how the series could continue.
If there’s enough interest, I’m open to the idea. The head of security at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum has suggested Serena try her hand at solving its 27-year-old, unsolved art heist. He said he could use her help. 😆
I’ve already scoped the location. 😉
I hope you have as much fun reading the Serena Jones Mysteries as I’ve had writing them.
If you haven’t snagged a copy yet, click here for the synopsis and buying options.
Your Turn: What would you like to see next?
If you haven’t started reading my Serena Jones Mysteries yet, here is your chance to for less than a buck!
Serena Jones has a passion for recovering lost and stolen art–one that’s surpassed only by her zeal to uncover the truth about the art thief who murdered her grandfather. She’s joined the FBI Art Crime Team with the secret hope that one of her cases will lead to his killer. Now, despite her mother’s pleas to do something safer–like get married–Serena’s learning how to go undercover to catch thieves and black market traders.
Here’s what others are saying about A Fool and His Monet:
“This intriguing look into the world of art theft from the perspective of an FBI agent, will keep readers guessing the twists and turns as to the identify and motive of the thief.” ~ RT Book Reviews
And if you love the book, you can revisit the characters in:
Here is an excerpt from the opening chapter to whet your appetite:
I tore my gaze from the porch that wrapped around the drug dealer’s house and cringed at the number on my phone’s call display.
Mom said there’d be days like this.
Tanner, still decked out in his SWAT gear, peered over my shoulder as the phone vibrated insistently in my hand. “Good thing you’re a field-hardened FBI agent, so you don’t let little old ladies scare the pants off you.”
I sent him a silencing glare. Ignoring his grin, I turned away from the rest of the team traipsing in and out of the building, and clicked Connect. “Hi, Nana,” I said, injecting fake cheerfulness into my voice. “What’s up?”
“You nee—are you okay?” My heart stuttered. If anything happened to Nana . . .
“Of course I’m okay. Stop stammering, girl.”
I placed a muffling hand over the phone.
“Excuse me, sir,” I said sweetly. “Don’t you have a forgery to bubble-wrap?”
“Really?” he said, broad shoulders slumping. When I arrived on scene, he boasted they’d turned up art so hot it was still smoking.
“Yup. Fake.” I, too, felt a pang of genuine regret that the “Renoir” hanging in the drug dealer’s den wasn’t the one on the FBI’s Ten Most Wanted list.
Straightening my shoulders, I put the phone back to my ear. “Sorry, Nana. Um, I have to be at the youth drop-in center by seven to teach the art class, so . . .” I glanced at my watch and cast about for a workable solution, but there just wasn’t enough time. “I’m afraid—”
“Never mind,” she interrupted. “Obviously, you’re at work.” Where you shouldn’t be taking personal calls, her tone implied. “Call me when you get home.”
Annoyed at myself for the guilty feeling I couldn’t stop from churning my stomach, I turned to study the front of the house once more. Something was niggling at my brain.
“Ha, ha.” Wait . . . “Oh, that’s got to be it!” I stuffed my phone in my pocket and headed back inside.
I stopped at the door to the den and glanced at the window three feet from the side wall.
“Serena? What’s going on?” Tanner pressed, trailing me to the next doorway, this one into a bedroom.
“The window is three feet from the wall, just like in the other room.”
“Don’t I always?” Tanner said. “I’m a funny guy.”
“Uh-huh.” He actually had the quickest wit of any guy I knew, even if he did run to cheesy puns sometimes.
Not that I’d admit that to him.
“Over here.” He steered me toward a stepladder set up near the back door. “But there’s nothing up there but insulation and mice.”
“Mice, huh? Are you trying to scare me out of looking?” I started climbing, and Tanner moved in to hold the ladder steady.
I pushed open the hatch and stuck my head into the attic.
“Yes, I do.” I stepped down a couple of ladder rungs and flashed him a grin. “A false wall six to eight feet in from the back of the house.”
“The wall’s covered in cobwebs and dust. It wouldn’t have registered unless you were looking for it.”
Tanner muttered something I couldn’t make out, but having been on the receiving end of his displeasure during my FBI training—granted, always earned—I didn’t envy poor Mason.
Tanner hoisted himself into the attic, then balance-beamed his way across a joist to the wall and examined every inch of it. “I don’t see any way to access what’s behind it.” He shone the light over the attic’s insulation-covered floor and then the shoe impressions he’d left in the dust on the joist. “It doesn’t look like anyone else has been up here recently. There must be another ceiling access panel.” He climbed back down, eyeing me with interest. “How’d you know to look for a secret room?”
Tanner followed me back to the room where the fake Renoir had been found and swept his flashlight beam over every inch of the ceiling. “There’s no other way up there that I can see.”
Tanner studied me. “What are you doing?”
“Uh-huh. And you seem to know exactly what you’re doing here, Nancy Drew, because . . . ?”
I expelled a breath. “There was one at my grandfather’s house, okay?”
“Your grandfather? The one who was murdered?”
“Yes.” I blew away a strand of long, blond hair that had escaped my ponytail. “Maybe you could be helpful instead of giving me the third degree?”
Primed to open it, I tossed a frown over my shoulder. “Are you really going to pull the SWAT-clears-every-room-first rule on this one?”
“No, I thought I’d rock-paper-scissors you for the privilege.” He motioned me to get out of his way.
My finger still on the sensor, I sidestepped two feet so he’d have a clear view as I pulled back the panel. “You ready? I’ll slide it open and you can call the all-clear.” I slid it three-quarters of an inch and froze. “Uh-oh.”
Tanner cursed. “Please tell me you’re messing with me.”
I gulped. “You don’t hear that ticking?”
He crouched down and shone his flashlight through the gap I’d opened. “Blast, Serena, don’t move a muscle.”
“Tanner, could you stop using that word?”
Ask for it at your local bookstore or click here for more buying options: http://sandraorchard.com/books/another-day-another-dali/
If you missed the first book, A Fool and His Monet, I recommend reading it first, but each novel is truly a standalone, so not reading it won’t inhibit you from following book 2 in any way.
Tomorrow, October 19th, I am being interviewed at Emilie Hendryx’s blog and will be offering a paperback copy of Another Day Another Dali to one lucky commenter. Hope you’ll stop by and tell a friend.
Yes, I’m back! And ecstatic to have all my grandsons safely at home in time to celebrate my youngest daughter’s wedding next weekend. 🙂
So…if you’re reading between the lines, yup, life is still crazy busy around here. 😉
This little guy was born almost 12 weeks early at 1 lb 14 oz!
If you’re part of the Goodreads book club, hop on over and enter by clicking here.
I’d love it if you’d help me spread the word too. This giveaway has already been going on for a couple of weeks and I only just clued into it!
With everything going on in our family these past few months, marketing hasn’t exactly been on my radar. But thank you once again to all of you who have been praying for my grandsons these past few months. We couldn’t be happier with how they are both thriving.
Last week, I shared the impassioned reasons of one avid reader on why Serena should choose Tanner. This week, I’m giving the floor to the self-declared president of Nate’s fan club. 😀
I’m loving all these comments about Nate and Tanner. And I’m convinced more than ever that Nate is the man for Serena.
First – Nate takes care of Serena’s cat. As a cat lover and owner, any man who volunteers to look after my beloved cat is a great guy!
Second – They have common interests that do not involve Serena’s job. As a couple, one can expect initial chemistry, but there has to be shared interests and great conversation skills to keep a relationship growing and fun. Serena and Nate talk, laugh, watch movies, share meals, love pets, and enjoy art (impressionist art nonetheless). Nate also makes popcorn. Any man who makes me popcorn is a keeper.
Third – Nate is smart, sexy, funny, handsome, and not married to his job.
Sixth – Tanner’s also 10 years older. We’ve got to ask ourselves if he doesn’t have more of a bossy interest in Serena. He did manipulate his invitation to dinner through Serena’s parents, and he’s altogether too chummy with Serena’s father, essentially sucking up to his former professor.
Nate has a life of his own, a great deal of mystery to that life which is rather exciting. I love a good mystery, hence the reason we read Sandra’s books. 😉
Nate is the one, the only one, for Serena!!
Your Turn: Wow, Lisa gives strong arguments and twice as many as Team Tanner. What do you think?
If you missed the arguments for Team Tanner, you’ll find them in the previous post.
And if you haven’t voted yet, you can vote here but please read A Fool and His Monet first.
Have no clue what I’m talking about? 😀
Well…at the back of A Fool and His Monet, I invited readers to visit my Vote For Your Favorite page to tell me who they want Serena Jones to be with by the end of the series–Serena Jones Mysteries.
I REALLY do plan to let YOU decide!
Reason 3) Tanner’s getting up there, he’ll likely want to slow down/settle down in the upcoming books, right after he plays a vital role in Serena solving the mystery of her grandfather’s death, and Serena decides crime investigation no longer means to her what it had.
Nate still has to hit his midlife crisis, where he’ll grow his hair, get an “I love mom” tat and Harley Davidson across America to the anthem of “Life is a Highway.”
Plus, Serena could develop a rare tea allergy or be transferred to a remote island without TV, or mice – and then what would she and Nate have in common?!
Your Turn: Agree? Disagree? If you’ve read the book, be sure to vote!
In a few days…I’ll share reasons from the president of Nate’s fan club. 😀

Usually strong feelings are difficult to put into words. The heroes of this photo compilation have experienced a wide spectrum of positive emotions — from quiet happiness after returning home from a complex operation to feeling simple joy over a funny gift or their first slice of pizza. The expressions on these people’s faces can tell us more about their experiences than any words could. Hopefully they manage to lift your spirits!
Bright Side has collected 24 photographs where emotions are overflowing. And at the end of the article, you will find an incredibly touching bonus — prepare your handkerchiefs!
“My daughter just tried pizza for the first time.”
“Got my gram a new apron for her 90th birthday.”
“My grandmother just got out of the hospital. She was greeted at home with flowers and my puppy who didn’t leave her side even for a second.”
“Just donated my kidney to my dad.”
It’s great when your dreams come true!
A winning manager showing his father the trophy his county received for winning the All-Ireland for the first time in 29 years.
“Got our granny a spinner for her 85th anniversary.”
“Always wanted my own pet and I finally did it. Finally became the proud owner of this beautiful little guy yesterday. One of the happiest days of my life so far.”
“My dog was featured on the local news yesterday and was very excited about it.”
After a woman’s mom died, her heart was donated to someone. The man who received her mom’s heart walked the daughter down the isle.
“The bar I was in last night had a goat in the outside area. Never have you seen so much joy shared between two bearded men.”
“After beating cancer and having back surgery, my mom is finally able to go on roller coasters again pain-free. She was even able to talk my dad into going with her — that’s him sitting to her left.”
“I just submitted my last final paper for my Master’s degree! ”
“After years of working my way up the career ladder as a taxi driver, parachute jump pilot, flight instructor, and business jet pilot, I achieved my long-term goal and became an airline pilot on Airbus A320!”
“It seems that my girlfriend likes shooting a lot.”
“Heard cheering from the men’s washroom at the bar, walked in and stumbled upon this moment of pure joy. Men never grow old.”
“I went to a paint night with my mom the other night. We had such a good time, and it was the happiest I’d been in a long time.”
“Our daughter was visited by a therapy dog that helps patients to fight stress before her surgery ... The surgery was successful.”
A little girl looking at the portrait of Michelle Obama.
“My grandma lost contact with her best friend 40 years ago when she moved to another city. And after years of searching, we finally found her and they reunited.”
Bonus: a child first hearing his mother’s voice.

iTunes should automatically pick up the new episodes and change the feed over. Unfortunately, it will download all old episodes also, since it's a "new feed".
At the very least, did we get through to everyone a temporary copy of the new feed at the old URL, which let's you listen to Episode 68 & 69, where you can hear Norm beg for people to get the new feed?
It worked. The original iTunes feed is up again. It did give me ghosted duplicates of all the episodes, but that isn't a big deal.
Mr. Tweedy wrote: It worked. The original iTunes feed is up again. It did give me ghosted duplicates of all the episodes, but that isn't a big deal.

According to a survey, many of the students loved being able to dress up and have fun. Many students reported that their favorite day was pajama day. The reason would be because they didn’t have to dress up and could just be comfortable in school.
The Homecoming dance started after the Varsity game, and the theme for it this year was the 50’s. Many of the students dressed as the theme by wearing a leather jacket with a white T-shirt underneath, wearing poodle skirts, or having their hair styled like the 50’s.
Some students were asked what their favorite moment of Homecoming was, and Kamryn Poe said, “Homecoming is always so much fun. I can’t possibly have one favorite moment. I really enjoyed the dance and all the throwback music that was played. I had a blast dressing to the 50’s theme as well. Overall, Homecoming was exciting!”
Alexander Trentmann, junior, said, “My favorite thing would have to be that they had some different songs compared to the past dances. Some of the songs weren't good, but it was different. I would also have to say watching my girlfriend walk down the court since she was a candidate-- she looked so cute.”
Mrs. Borcherding said, “We had a good student turnout, especially for all the dances. It’s a good money maker for Student Council, especially since we got new equipment.”

Get up to $25 for each uploaded video!
So you like doing product reviews for other people to view on YouTube...This is a perfect way to get some easy cash to put towards your AR build!
For every product review you upload to YouTube we will give you a $15 VertexOps.com Gift Certificate up to $50.
The product review must be for a product that is for sale on VertexOps.com at the time the video is uploaded to YouTube.
The video must be at least 1 minute in length and it has to have content that is relevant to the review for 1 minute or more.
You must clearly mention VertexOps.com in the video so people know where they can purchase the items being reviewed.
After the video has been uploaded to YouTube please use the Contact Us form on VertexOps.com to send us a link to it.
BONUS: If you include a shot of the Vertex Ops Patch, Sticker, any of our T-Shirts, or our Mobile App we will give you an extra $10 for a total of a $25 gift certificate for VertexOps.com!
Limit of $50 total gift certificate/s earned from this promotion per customer.
The rules and requirements for this promotion may be changed or updated at anytime without notice.

It can be caused by something as simple as an ear infection, or it could be something more serious. Let’s take a look at some of the causes:
Anemia is a condition where there is not enough iron and red blood cells in the body to carry critically necessary oxygen and nutrients where they are needed.
Symptoms: Anemia symptoms include: feeling dizzy, fatigue, nausea, headache, pale skin, and feeling cold.
What to Do: If you suspect you may be anemic, see your doctor. You may need tests to look for a low red blood cell count including:
Make sure you are eating plenty of iron rich foods such as blackstrap molasses, lean red meats, spinach, and iron fortified cereal and bread.
Two of the most common symptoms of pregnancy are nausea and feeling lightheaded. Nausea is caused by hormonal changes in the body and lightheadedness can be due to the rapid changes in blood and fluid volume to support you and your baby.
Symptoms: Symptoms of pregnancy include: nausea, missed period, tender and sore breasts, lightheadedness or feeling dizzy, bloated abdomen, feeling very tired, and others depending on how far along you are.
Symptoms: The symptoms of Lyme include: red bullseye rash (not always present), fever, lightheadedness and nausea, headache, rash, joint pain, mood swings, brain fog, and muscle pain.
High blood pressure occurs when the walls of the blood vessels lose their elasticity and become stiffened. This means the heart has to work harder to pump blood to the organs.
Symptoms: High blood pressure can cause lightheadedness and nausea, especially if it rises suddenly too high. It can also cause headaches, fatigue, blurred vision, swelling, and fast heart rate.
What to Do: If you are nauseous and dizzy or lightheaded with no other explanation, check your blood pressure. If it is over 120/80 then you should have things checked by a doctor.
There are nerves in the middle ear canal that may react to inner ear pressure with nausea, lightheadedness, and a woozy feeling. This can either be caused by a bacterial infection, allergies, and viral infections.
Symptoms: Middle ear infections can cause lightheaded feeling, nausea, ear pain, headaches, fever, and a feeling of fullness in the ear.
What to Do: If you have symptoms of an ear infection, see your doctor. In the meantime, try a warm hot compress or some warm olive oil in the ear canal to help relieve the pain.
An adverse reaction or allergic reaction to medications may cause you to become lightheaded or nauseous. This can also be caused by a drug interaction with something else you are taking or from taking a medication on an empty stomach.
Symptoms: Drug reactions can include the following symptoms: nausea, dizzy feeling or lightheadedness, rash, fainting, irregular heartbeat, muscle weakness, vomiting, or diarrhea.
What to Do: Always make sure your doctor knows your drug allergies and other medications you are taking. If you experience the above symptoms after adding a new medication, call your doctor right away.
Flying, boating, or riding in a car can cause lightheadedness and nausea if you are prone to motion sickness.
Symptoms: Nausea, lightheadedness, vomiting, headache, and breaking out in sweats.
What to Do: There are medicines you can take prior to riding in a car, plane, or boat. These include: antihistamines (Benadryl), anti-nausea patches, or a band you can wear. Ask your doctor or pharmacist for recommendations.
A stoke occurs when the blood vessels to the brain are blocked. This causes sensitive brain tissue to die off and can be fatal if not treated quickly.
Symptoms: Sudden paralysis in the limbs, face, tongue. Loss of speech and slurred words. Lightheadedness, vomiting, nausea, or loss of bowel control.
What to Do: If you or someone you know has symptoms of a stroke, call 9-1-1 without delay. Immediate treatment may prevent severe complications or death.
Dehydration happens when your body is severely depleted of fluids that it needs to function. Thirst is actually one of the first signs and should never be ignored.
A heart attack occurs when the blood supply to the heart is cut off due to blockage in a blood vessel. This causes part of the heart muscle to die off and can be fatal if not immediately treated.
Symptoms: Chest pain, shortness of breath, and feeling lightheaded. Some can also feel nausea, back pain, and pain that radiates from the chest up into the jaw or neck area.
What to Do: Try to stop what you are doing and rest. If the pain or other symptoms do not go away, call 9-1-1 right away or have someone drive you to the nearest emergency room.

* It’s a perfect time to hit “refresh.”
* Anyone thinking the most valuable audience could be 45+?

The Italian police tracked this very crafty fugitive who had eluded the world for years, good for Italy. What a hideout.
The Italians are to be commended for a successful manhunt.
Michelle Kramer’s testimony in the video linked to above is an absolute eye-opener. They were flying hither and thither in a private jet, and they used the huge boat for many weeks a year. So far, of that we’ve found no images.
By the way, talking of doctors with wild illusions read this. As far as we can see, he did not manage to get even one hard fact right. Most of his rebuttals are plain silly.
Weinberger’s Italian girlfriend at the time found out who he really was and informed the Carabineri who acted really forcefully and fast and handed him over to the Americans with all possible speed.
The Carabinieri found he had set up three separate camps at the foot of a glacier. When they were about to take him down to the police station on a snowmobile he asked if he could get a ride back. Good luck with that one.
No wonder the Italians were happy to see him put on the first plane home. Nicely decisive. He may have lingered on longer in almost any other country in Europe.
Hi there, Peter. You made a minor error, at least according to this rather interesting Vanity Fair article. Weinberger wasn’t shopped by his girlfriend, he was caught when he failed to pay his rent and the landlord contacted the police. Incredibly, he was using his own name and the police didn’t have to do much checking to find out that he was a wanted man.
Here is more on page 5 about Monica turning him in. http://www.vanityfair.com/society/features/2011/01/missing-doctor-201101?currentPage=5
The Carabinieri checked their database and found an international arrest warrant for Weinberger from Interpol. They also discovered that he had been on America’s Most Wanted. But they did not know where he was.
On Monica’s 39th birthday, December 10, Weinberger came down from his tent, and they went skiing together. She also received a phone call that day from a friend who said he had to talk to her.
That day she accompanied Mark back to the Val Ferret, where he headed off to his tent. When she returned to town, she went online. On the America’s Most Wanted Web site she learned who Mark really was and what he had allegedly done.
“My whole world collapsed,” she says. With a printed copy of the Web-site page, she went to the Carabinieri and told them that she “knew where Mark was and that they had to go get him.”
They did not find Weinberger but did spot traces that showed where he had been. In addition, a climber reported having seen a man living in a tent.
The next day, using a snowmobile, they located him. The temperature was roughly 4 degrees below zero, and the snow was so high that the tops of pine trees were barely visible.
Weinberger was in the vicinity of the Elena Refuge, about 6,000 feet above sea level and a quarter-mile from the main trail. He had chosen a spot at the base of the Triolet Glacier.
Lacking proper papers, he was taken back to the Carabinieri barracks in Courmayeur. He was quiet, but did not appear to be nervous.
Subsequently, when officers searched the area where he had been taken into custody, they discovered not just one campsite but three. They found cans of food. They found a stove used to melt snow into water. They found changes of clothing. They found various medications, including Viagra. All of it was enough to last somebody for a significant period.
He then took out a knife he had concealed and cut himself near his jugular vein, in what some construed as a suicide attempt.
If you can find a shot of it please share?
They must have likely known nothing about the Italian system and thought they’d ride in the Bronco and use the “Unless You Can Prove It – She Didn’t Do It” or “Just Show the Jurors Amanda is a Nice Girl and Let Them Get to Know Her” hypotheses.
Explained that all of this happened due to the influence of drugs and unfortunately what she remembers is just a blur,
Explained she didn’t really intend to kill Meredith but just to intimidate her and something went terribly wrong; she is so sorry of any involvement she might have had,
Had her defence team stress the point that at the time of the crime she was a 20-year-old young adolescent and therefore not yet emotionally formed,
For the friends of Amanda who certainly would never ever believe she was capable of such a heinous crime and to save embarrassment to the family - the parents would only have had to explain: “Well, Amanda didn’t really do it – we just had to say so to bring her home in the shortest possible time. “ Even the Grandmother might have believed and been relieved by this version.
They can certainly save the money of gullible “friends” and relieve Ted Simon of his duties. His expertise on international prison exchange is no longer needed. Amanda is much much better off in an Italian prison (in spite of the mosquitoes).

Congratulations on your acceptance into an internship, residency or fellowship program at Nassau University Medical Center. We are looking forward to your joining our staff. Each of you will be an important member of the health care delivery team.
There are several essential steps in joining the graduate medical education program, e.g., completing paperwork, submitting documents and reviewing orientation training materials. We realize that some of the paperwork is redundant, but because of institutional and legal regulations, we do require you to complete all of the enclosed. Doing so in an accurate and timely manner will ensure that you can begin your program on July 1st, of the current academic year and receive your first paycheck on time.
We’re looking forward to seeing you, and welcoming you to our institution. Please do not hesitate to contact us:
Be sure to have the following documents available when you attend the orientation.
Spouse’s social security number (if applicable)
Children’s social security numbers.
Visa documentation must be included for all foreign residents. Lack of valid immigration documentation by July 1 will at the very least delay both your paycheck and your employment start date. If you do not yet have a social security number, please leave blank.
*Documents must be translated in English. These items are essential to enroll in health, dental and optical insurance plans and, most important, to receive a paycheck.

Isabelle V. Curtiss remembers being called into the Principal’s office at the tender age of ten. Unsure of the reason, she felt a mix of curiosity and dread.
“The Principal told me that if I worked hard and studied hard, I could be anything I want to be,” said Isabelle. Those words resonated with her and, perhaps, changed the trajectory of her life.
Now, 70 years later, Isabelle’s long and accomplished career as a certified public accountant and personal financial specialist is peppered with awards and accolades. She was the first woman to receive the Distinguished Service Award from the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and has served in many leadership roles in her profession and her community.
“Education is critical to me and has made a tremendous difference in my life. Now, it’s my turn to make a difference in young people’s lives by helping them to build solid foundations through education.”
Isabelle is a former trustee of the Foundation, and trusts that the Foundation will be a good steward of her fund. Her scholarship fund joins about 130 others at the Foundation, which awards nearly $1 million in scholarships each year. Many of these are open to students from Oxford High School.
It is important to Isabelle that the scholarship recipients be well-rounded, involved in extracurricular activities, community service and/or employment.
Mary Palys, the very first recipient of the scholarship, fits that bill well. Now a freshman at University of Rhode Island, Mary is studying chemical engineering and Chinese. Her hope is, of course, to save the world. And she intends to do it by finding ways to produce clean water and protect the environment.
“As a Girl Scout, I learned to leave things better than I found them,” said Mary, explaining her passion.
Mary was honored to receive the scholarship, recognizing that many of her classmates also applied. She shares Isabelle’s view of education. “It’s where people find themselves and their direction.”
The scholarship, which Mary views as validation of her hard work, may be the thing that changes the trajectory of her life—much like Isabelle’s Principal all those years ago.
“I have my sights set on my future, and it looks promising,” she said. “I’d love to get to a point where I can help someone else with my same ambitions, and Isabelle’s.”

Days turn into weeks, weeks turn into months...and still no new posts from me! I know, I know, I've been a bad blogger. Life has been super busy recently but I swear I will be back. Don't give up on me, the story will have an ending one day!
Hi ... I just found you ... I'd like to hear more!
WHAT HAPPENED IN THE END? DID YOU LIVE HAPPILY EVER AFTER?? I CANT WAIT ANY LONGER.........PLEASE SAY YES!
Hey Veradis we would love to know how things are going? As you already know he internet needs more positive stories!!!
would love to hear more, my story is just beginning..............
I’m glad to read you again. Thanks for this post. Best for you Buddy! and Merry Christma
Because of you - I started this blog http://amorcitoincuba.blogspot.ca/ and hopefully it will entertain you as much as yours has enlightened me.

What Does The Law Say About Flexible Working?
Some types of employee have a legal right to ask for flexible working arrangements. You must be an employee (not an agency worker) and you have to have been working for the same employer for at least 26 weeks before you apply.
have a child under the age of six - or under 18 if disabled, who you are responsible for.
be the spouse or partner of someone who has the above - and be applying for flexible working to care for the child
be a carer for an adult who is a spouse, partner or relative - or someone else who lives with you.
Legally, your employer has to seriously consider you application, and can only reject it for a good business reason.
What Are The Main Flexible Working Options?
Part-time working. You agree a number of hours to be worked with your employer, which might mean that you can start work after you’ve taken the children to school, or perhaps only work three days a week.
Flexi-time. You’re contracted to work a specific number of hours, but these can be worked at any time between set agreed points – such as 7 in the morning until 7 at night. Works well if you have to commute and have transport problems.
Job-sharing. Two employees of the same company share the same role, both doing the same work but on different agreed days of the week.
Working from home. Working full or part time from your own home, which means that you will have to be disciplined! You keep in contact with the office by phone and e-mail.
Annual hours. This is a complicated flexible working arrangement which calculates the hours you are contracted to work across a whole year. These annual hours then normally split into 'set shifts' and 'reserve shifts' worked when they are needed and when they can be arranged.
Compressed working hours. You would work the same number of contracted hours but over fewer days. Working longer hours four days a week then gives you one day a week off.
Where Can I Get Advice About Flexible Working?
There is a set procedure for applying for flexible working arrangements if you fit the criteria, but any employers have their own arrangements too, so your first step is to approach your manager and ask for guidance there.
If you need extra help, there is a useful guide to the rules, how to apply and what to do if you need to appeal an employer’s decision by visiting the website:direct.gov.uk.
Should I Stay at Home With the Kids?

Thitkul, age 14 years, four months and 19 days, shot a final-round 72 at Phoenix Golf & Country Club in Pattaya, Thailand to take the title by two strokes with a five-under 283 total.
This was the first LET event since April and the fifth tournament of the 2017 schedule after the cancellation of five events this spring and summer, leading to speculation at the tour was having financial difficulties.

I recently had an email exchange with a fellow detectorist and though that I would post the conversation here in the hopes that someone else might also find it helpful. I will not include this persons name for obvious privacy reasons.
Any suggestions you could make would be very helpful thank you.”
“I am glad you found the information helpful. Unfortunately, I have not personally used the x-terra 305 and cannot comment on it. I have used several other mid to high end Minelab detectors that have all performed well.
If you are more interested in coins and silver jewelry, then the F2 would be my suggestion. If you have a budget of around $350 I would skip the Fisher F4 and instead consider a used Fisher F5 or a used Teknetics Omega 8000. You might have to wait for a deal to come up.
There are likely other good detectors in the lower price range that I just have no experience with. The Ace will work well but the bong sound is annoying and the Ace is a little slow on recovery time. Hope that helps.”
“Thanks, yes very helpful. I live in Canada so the prices here are a little bit more. For an F4 your looking at $399 at Cabelas. The Ace 350 is $370. There still a lot of snow on the ground so I have time to wait for those good deals you speak of and I will keep my eyes open for the models you recommended.
Though the Teknetics Omega 8000 new is a little out of my price range. I’d like to keep it around $400. Presently I have a bounty Hunter tracker IV which is been a really good all metal coin shooter at the beaches. But I’ve been wanting to up my game at some old homesteads out in the prairies here.”
My response to the follow-up email:
It is also very light and easy to swing for long hours. A little more expensive but worth the wait. I bought mine used for $350 in excellent condition. A used Whites MXT is also good option. Cabelas is almost always overpriced. I would try to find an online dealer in Canada for a better deal.”

Nine-year-old with cancer fought to live long enough to see his newborn sister, despite what doctors had predicted - Good Times
Home Inspiring Story Nine-year-old with cancer fought to live long enough to see his newborn...
Nine-year-old with cancer fought to live long enough to see his newborn sister, despite what doctors had predicted
A brave boy with end-stage cancer does the impossible! He fought against his illness and held on long enough to be able to hug and name his newly-born sister. Doctors said there was no way he would live long enough to do so.
Bailey Cooper incredibly survived long enough to see his newborn baby sister.
The parents of nine-year-old Bailey Cooper from South Gloucestershire, England, were told that their son had only a few ‘days or weeks’ to survive after the cancer spread throughout his body.
However, despite what the doctors had predicted, Bailey was able to live long enough to meet his baby sister
He was given the opportunity to name his sister and he chose to call her Millie.
He fought to live for 15 months after after being diagnosed with stage three Non-Hodgkin lymphoma
Bailey was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma in 2016. Initially doctors thought he had a chest infection but they did a blood test after he complained of severe stomach aches.
When this rare cancer was detected, it had already developed to stage three which was extremely difficult to cure. Bailey underwent chemotherapy with steroid medication, which doctors believed could help.
He went into remission in 2017. During the Easter holidays in Devon, the family was told by doctors that Bailey’s cancer had recurred and he had to return to the hospital.
This time, doctors said he had a survival rate of around 70 percent. Bailey also underwent further chemotherapy as well as stem cell transplants. He went into remission again in July, and the family enjoyed an amazing six weeks before receiving bad news.
When Bailey’s cancer was detected, it had already developed to stage three which was extremely difficult to cure
The cancer had returned in August and the family was told he would not recover from it this time as the cancer has developed to stage four. This meant that the malignant cells were becoming more aggressive and that Bailey would not last the year. Doctors informed his parents that he could survive for either a few days or weeks at most.
Nobody expected Bailey to survive for as long as he did
“We didn’t think he would last that long, but he was determined to meet Millie. It got to the end of November, and Millie was born. He hugged her and did everything an older brother would do – change her, wash her, sing to her,” his mother Rachel told the Bristol Post.
Bailey told his parents that he wanted to go home and so they took him out of the hospital
“The doctors threw the book at it, and told us even if he survived it, the long term effects will last for the rest of his life. He had a stem cell transplant.”
“We had to try everything we could” said Rachel. The aggressive cancer had spread beyond repair and they told him straight away what the doctors had said.
“We told him straight away. He broke down and said he didn’t want to go on his own. We stayed there with him, and in a couple of hours, he took it all in.”
“He fought, and on the way to the hospital, he said we should call her Millie”
Rachel stated “Doctors said he was going to go before Millie was born. He didn’t.”
On December 22, Bailey was taken to the hospital for treatment and was rushed there in an ambulance. In the room his family read and played his favorite music before he died peacefully. He passed away on Christmas Eve.
“Bailey smiled through the whole thing. He made funny facial expressions and made people laugh, even though he was in great pain,” his father said
“We have to carry on for Bailey,” Rachel said. “He told us in our last family meeting: ‘You’re only allowed to cry for 20 minutes. You have to take care of Riley and Millie.”
The courage and care shown by this boy has moved the hearts of many.
Beautiful 24-year-old Vietnamese girl who adopted baby with cerebral palsy accused of attention seeking—but it could not be farther from the truth
This baby’s parents could not figure out why he kept scratching...
Family rushes to see newborn. But when they look into the...

The Love Island cast reckon Grant Crapp is getting carried away by his 15 minutes of fame, with some of his cast mates saying he's "changed" in recent days. The joint winner of the show, who split with partner Tayla shortly after leaving the villa, has been in the headlines recently for his so-called "secret girlfriend" and his public pleas for Tayla to take him back.
Yesterday, a leaked photo of what appeared to be Grant Gustin in his new Flash suit started circulating online. He wrote QUOTE: “So here's the thing about this bulls--t photo leak . It's a cool suit . There's a terrible photo that I was unaware was being taken, much less being posted.
The PM says a donation of nearly half-a-billion dollars to the Great Barrier Reef Foundation, which has links to big resources companies, has been done transparently, despite the body itself not asking for the money. In April the Government announced it would give the Great Barrier Reef Foundation &dollar;444 million to fund projects to improve the health of the reef. Credit Cards Are Now Offering 0% Interest Until 2020 Find out more on Finder Sponsored by Finder.com.
What happens if you don't get a high...
What happens if you don't get a high ATAR?
The actress says she has “quite a few stories” when it comes to the #MeToo movement, but won’t be sharing them publicly. In an interview with the New York Times, the actress discussed how she felt “ahead of her time,” when it came to speaking out about how Hollywood undervalues women in […]

There are many different kinds of coastal habitats in New York State, including marshes, wetlands, mud and sandflats, beaches, rocky shores, riverine wetlands and riparian corridors, stream, bay and harbor bottoms, submerged aquatic vegetation beds, dunes, old fields, grasslands and woodlands and forests. Coastal habitats provide living and feeding areas for animals, and are also economically important.
Please note that not all pdf documentation included on this page is section 508 ADA compliant. If you need assistance viewing any of these materials, you may contact the Division of Planning and Development.
Resources for Local Communities and Governments

By purchasing from Dunster House Ltd. it is assumed that the customer agrees to all terms and conditions.
The Purchaser is the person or their Agent buying upon their behalf and is responsible for all measurements and designs given to the Company.
All orders are bespoke and made to measure.
All dimensions to be supplied in Metric. All designs are as viewed from the Outside at point of order.
All units are supplied to site unglazed due to the safety requirements for Manual Handling.
Orders and any changes to orders will only be acceptable and binding once confirmed in writing (Email is sufficient).
A 25% deposit must be paid to place an order. Balance payments must be made in full in cleared funds at least 2 working days before delivery (if we are delivering to you) or up to or on the day of collection (if you are collecting the goods).
If we are delivering to you and you are paying with a Credit/Debit card it will need to be either; registered to the delivery address; or, have passed a 3D secure check (sometimes known as 'verified by Visa' or similar - only possible with online payments); or, you can pay by Chip and Pin at one of our branches. You can also pay by bank transfer.
If you are collecting you can pay in cash (exact change) or credit/debit card by Chip and Pin as you collect.
Cheques, Bankers Draft or Printed Building Society Cheques are not accepted as cleared funds (as they can be fraudulent) and must be received by us a minimum of 10 working days before delivery/collection.
Payment must be made no later than 1 month after the Purchaser is notified by the Company that the goods are ready for collection/delivery.
The contract turnaround period commences from the next working day after the order has been placed.
We will contact you to agree a delivery date with you prior to us actually delivering. If you have any questions about your delivery date, please ring our dispatch team on 01234 224498.
We cannot give timed deliveries due to our vehicles travelling across England and Wales. Deliveries can occur between 8:30am and 6:00pm on the day of deliver. You can track your delivery vehicle on our website on the day of delivery so you know how far away from you it is at any particular time on that day.
All risks in the goods shall pass to the Purchaser or his Agent upon delivery.
The Company will do all it reasonably can to meet the delivery/collection period advised however unexpected delays can occur. In the unlikely event that these affect the Purchaser’s delivery/collection, delivery/collection will be reorganised within a reasonable period of time.
Due to on-site handling, installation methods and the type of opening that the goods are being installed into, minor adjustments may need to be made by the installer.
We are confident with our product and prices that we are offering a price promise. We believe that “You won’t find the same quality product, level of service or price to match – If you do, we guarantee we can beat it.”
This guarantee relates to an equivalent product, with an equivalent level of service, from a company with equivalent history (10 years trading or more) for a lower amount. Please provide us with a copy of a quote or website so we can verify the details.
We retain the right to refuse this offer.
If you need to reach us, prior to delivery please call us on: 01234 272 445, or
For all post-delivery enquires please write to us detailing your query through either: e-mail at cs@dunsterhouse.co.uk or post your enquiry to the above address this will enable us to comprehend your query and respond appropriately and professionally. Please refer to our website for Customer Services opening times.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully. For details of our privacy policy please refer to our web-site www.dunsterhouse.co.uk/privacy-policy
Under these Terms & Conditions “Force Majeure” is defined as any cause beyond our control including, but not limited to, War, Act of God, Act of Terrorism, Fire, Flood, Explosion, Natural Catastrophes, Civil/Military Disturbances, Strikes, Theft or Weather.
We will not be held liable or responsible for any failure or delay in our obligations under these Terms and Conditions if the failure or delay is caused by Force Majeure.
These Terms and Conditions may only be amended in writing by a Director of the Company.
Please note failure to handle or apply the profile, sealed units, furniture and panel products in compliance with the relevant/approved instructions, specifications or guidelines, may result in all or part of the Warranties being null or void.
The term ‘visible condensation’ as used in the Guarantee refers to water droplets forming against the inside surfaces of the panes of glass that are at least 0.5mm in diameter.
This does not affect the statutory rights of consumers, exclude or restrict the liability of the Guarantor for death or personal injury caused by negligence, or for fraudulent misrepresentation.
Any claim must be made in writing and accompanied with a proof of purchase, details of failure and photographic evidence of failure.
No Guarantee is offered on products subject to abuse, negligence, improper use, modifications or attachment to equipment other than our own.
The territorial scope of this agreement is the United Kingdom Only.
Any sealed unit with broken glass or seals that have been tampered with.
This does not affect the statutory rights of consumers, or exclude or restrict the liability of the Guarantor for death or personal injury caused by negligence, or for fraudulent misrepresentation.
The products must have been correctly installed and only subject to normal domestic use and maintenance. This includes ensuring that the service instructions in the leaflet ‘Looking after your Investment’ are followed.
O/A Sizes – This is the overall size of the product, including any cill.
Open In/Out – Whether the item opens inwards or outwards.
Glazed in/Out – Whether the glass is put in from the inside or the outside.
4-20-4 – This refers to the thickness of the sealed units we use, 4mm glass pane, 20mm space and another 4mm glass pane.

Skin cancer, much like any form of cancer, may require surgery to remove cancerous growths. Dr. Altman can surgically remove cancerous and other skin lesions using specialized techniques to preserve your health and your appearance.

Where alot of disto's seem to go wrong is to base it off of ubuntu, they bring out a new release and thankfully we get a new Mint also but the problem is that our release is based off something that hasnt had all the bugs fixed yet so we inherit their problems.
Admittedly we could go for the more stable base and choose Debian, but why should we have to as an end user? If ubuntu released to other teams earlier than to the general public then maybe the development team would have move time to work out fixes? I take my hat off to the dev team for their amazing work and speedy releases, but I for one would much rather wait that little bit longer for a release and see alot less bugs. Hardware bugs is something you cannot account for, which from reading the posts on here is where most of these problems lie.
Gnome, cups, samba, etc .. are all independent projects that have their own plans, visions, and schedules. They release their projects and those projects are implemented in the different distros without the kind of integration testing that's done in the real world of product development.
Thanks for the reply MALsPa. I have not tried the Debian version yet, but I will try that tonight. It seems everyone is quick to make excuses in defense of something that is broken, so thank you for the constructive reply.
We all acknowledge the problems of competing desktop environments, but usability and stability I think is surpassing Windows at high speed.
Asking for full long-term stability, for an operating system like Mint, is like wanting to have one's cake and eat it too.

I wear my converse all year round… yup, all. year. round. They are the best to wear with jeans, leggings etc. I can’t say enough good things.
I wear these all year round. I don’t care that they are considered a winter thing, I think they look amazing with dresses, jeans, shorts, skirts everything!
Another pair of shoes that I wear all year round. When I am going for an edgier summer look I pair my combat boots with romantic dresses and in the winter I pop them on with EVERYTHING. A good pair of combat boots will never go out of style.
This bag is my go-to everyday bag. I chuck everything that I need into the bag. It’s just big enough to fit my camera, sunglasses case, battery pack, wallet, phone, and keys aka the essentials.
This is not going to be a shocker if you’ve seen my instagram feed throughout this summer. I love how flattering this skirt is and how it is one step more put together looking than denim shorts, but it’s still casual and comfy!
How to Dress for Every Holiday Party →

Roof has been Repaired (11'), Approx. Cost $5,000. Two New Furnaces have been Installed (07'), Approx. cost of $4,000.
* Two New Furnaces replaced at a cost of $4000.00

WASHINGTON — The Department of Homeland Security will announce Monday that it plans to end temporary protected status for 200,000 Salvadorans currently living in the United States, according to senior administration officials.
The Salvadorans will have until September 2019 to seek permanent residency in the United States or risk deportation.
The months before then "will provide time with individuals with TPS [temporary protected status] to arrange for their departure, or if eligible, to do the necessary paperwork to remain in the United States," a senior administration official told reporters on a call previewing the announcement.
Soon after The Washington Post first reported the news, a small group rallied outside the White House, chanting, "Donald Trump, shame on you" and "Congress, fix it now."
Jaime Contreras, vice president of the 32BJ Service Employees International Union and a Salvadoran immigrant who came to the United States in 1988, called the decision "shameful and inhumane."
"We have 18 months past March to pressure Congress and tell them it's time once and for all to give TPS holders once and for all a path to citizenship," Contreras said. "These are people who have been living by the rules ... getting background checks every 18 months, getting their fingerprints for more than 20 years."
The move by the Trump administration had been expected after the same status was ended for immigrants from Nicaragua and Haiti in 2017. The Salvadorans were given protection after a series of earthquakes hit the country in 2001. They are the largest population to have TPS currently living in the United States.
A senior administration official said the Trump administration did not consider the gang-perpetrated violence in El Salvador when deciding to end the protected status, only that the country has recovered from the 2001 earthquakes.
"By ending the Salvadoran TPS, Sec. Nielsen has taken a major step toward saving the TPS program so it can be used for future emergencies," he said in a statement.

"My father, we found out a few years ago, had all these -- relationships."
stopping at a gas-station phone booth to call the woman back.
in the pocket of an overcoat, or under the passenger seat --
in the shower, say, or while he was driving to work -- parse
like any other, only more intricate. And once he had started,
it would have been hard to conceive of stopping. How many hours
In the odd moments of an ordinary, suburban day -- brushing his teeth,
he ever thought of you, at 15 or 16, while he was waiting in some motel,
lying fully clothed on the bed in the dim light from the sign outside,
for her shadow, eager to see the only person with whom he could share
whether he realized it or not, was also the source of his loneliness.
Did he ask himself what you would think if you knew? Did he wonder
I picture him thinking in the dark -- in the car coming home
from wherever he's been, in bed as your mother sleeps peacefully
of so many secrets, and about whom they could hurt, and about
how much he needed them anyway, these secrets that sustained him,

Performance-oriented people call on us for their businesses and their homes. We are in an information and technology age and performance matters more than ever before.
We ensure that the electrical talent completing your project is educated trained for your project, its efficiency, its safety and its outcome.
Along with NECA, we back the infrastructure of the best electrical training in the world, which produces electrical talent that can deliver performance.
Your project is completed efficiently. These are the electrical professionals that, because of their education, training and experience, can get your project done in less hours than other electricians while doing better work. This saves you money overall and ensures that your project doesn’t get drawn out.
Your overall experience is better.

This is a post I decided to do as we went to Brunch on Sunday. I am getting ready for my excursion and wanted to have an outfit to share before we get on the plane today and I have other looks to show for Fashion Week.
As I mentioned, I am in New York later today, and will be sharing posts on fashion throughout the week, both mine and the shows.
If you want to see my photos on #NEWYORKFASHIONWEEK #NYFW you can follow me here on Bloglovin, and on my social media: INSTAGRAM, TWITTER, FACEBOOK.
Aww, thank you Lorna, I really love most shades of green and am a fan of the neoprene fabric. You are too sweet, thanks for the compliments. XO hope to see you tomorrow
You look amazing in this dress, Jess! And it also happens to be one of my favorite colors! Beautiful! Hope you’re having fun! xox-M
Thank you Mary! I love various shades of green and the trumpet part of the dress at the bottom was very appealing. Had a great time! XO
Thanks so much! I needed a change! XO
The green dress is stunning on you! And the jewelry–oh my! Breathtaking!
This is a perfect look, comfortable and stylish.
I love the cut of your dress…and that fabulous green, it’s a knock-out with your red hair!
Your shoes are beautiful too….comfortable and pretty.
The colour of this dress is beautiful and I love the little flare at the bottom hemline!
Green is definitely a great color for you!!
The depth of the green is gorgeous on you and the shape is very flattering on you especially the trumpet skirt. Have a safe trip.
Lovely dress! And I hope your trip is as fabulous as it sounds. xo

OK! So, today is about Show Me the Money!
Before we start though – did you register for this yet? It’s going to ROCK! Check out this event: Your Job Search Goes Social with Sima Dahl I am attending and I want you to consider it, too. Sima is even offering the event FREE to people who are unemployed – on the honor system. She is clearly about making a difference!
There are really three ways to get paid as a salesperson – all others are variations on one a theme:
This position pays a straight salary and you are evaluated on your performance against specific measures – maybe the number of appointments you set, or your conversion rates, or the deals you bring in.
This set up is ideal for the person who does not like income fluctuation. It is also ideal for the person who feels more comfortable REALLY selling a product when they can honestly say there is “nothing in it for them”.
This sales gig pays you enough of a base to ensure you have some living expenses covered as your income fluctuates, but provides enough incentive to get the job done and perform at the top of your game.
Be sure to know what you need to be OK first, make yourself comfortable enough with the base so that you have the flexibility to go out and sell confidently (people can sniff out desperation from a mile away). But, not SO comfortable that it takes your edge off of the hunger.
This set up is ideal for someone who has a moderate degree of money motivation. Usually this person is also intrinsically wired to simply need to achieve. They also love the “unlimited” income potential that comes along with this situation, without having it all at risk.
(I consider Commission with a Draw to fit into this same category. A draw is NOT a base salary. It is like going into debt against future commissions.)
This sales gig is for people who are highly risk-tolerant. They want to be paid (and paid WELL) for the results they produce. They can command much higher commission rates because they are taking on all of the fluctuation and risk of performance.
These people are self-reliant and REALLY love the “Sky’s The Limit” nature of the work.
If you are entering one of these gigs, be absolutely certain that you can rely on your employer to provide the full training and resources you will need to succeed. Many companies who pay on “Commission Only” are just fine with churn and burn of sales people. Make sure this is an environment where you can THRIVE!
If you have a sales manager who is “hands off” – to them, it doesn’t matter how you perform – you aren’t asked to account for how many meetings you are setting or how you are doing on those meetings… then you may be in BIG TROUBLE!
Scientists have even seen the phenomenon that all particles and organisms behave differently when THEY ARE BEING WATCHED!
Continue reading I Always Feel Like Somebody’s Watching Me! →
How to make sure your prospect is listening!
Well, it’s the end-of-the-year and I always get a bit antsy about now.
This is when I get seduced by the temptation to hover over the contracts I want to close before year-end. I get itchy to get those deals signed, so that I can blow into new percentages of commissions and achieve epic levels of fame and adulation at my company.
BUT, I have to remember that the watched pot never boils!
It seems to be a fundamental law of the Universe.
When I remember to keep doing the right activity. Keep reaching out to my territory. Keep traveling to see people. Keep booking appointments. When I do all of this, somehow deals close and new opportunities emerge out of nowhere.
Here’s an example of something I did last week to keep my eye off of that pesky pot – and the outcome surprised me!
I went through all of my 2013 activity. Trips, demonstrations, emails, conversations…all of it. Then, I put together a list of everyone I had touched throughout the year who is not currently in a conversation with me.
Then, I sent an email to all of them – making sure to keep it personal – (no one likes to be part of a mass email).
Know what happened? I got a bunch of emails thanking me for continuing to stay in contact, I got three phone appointments with customers who wanted to discuss the timing of our contract for next year…and I got a commitment to buy for THIS YEAR – out of nowhere!
On top of that, two of my deals in that pot of mine started coming to a FULL BOIL!
Keep loving ’em ALL UP and you can’t go wrong!
Time for the whiteboard…the end of the year CRUSH IT!
Tomorrow I bring out my favorite FOURTH QUARTER sales weapon. My way to Bring It On Home for the end of the year.
Nothing slips through the cracks. I can visually see where I am at all times. It works like a charm.
What do YOU do to keep your business in front of you and moving? I would love to hear!
Today I met with my client. An executive of a Fortune 25 company.
Together, for the last 12 months, we have been working to make sure their programs work (the ones I sold them).
It has been an uphill battle. They signed on with my company in good faith. They wanted our product (and needed our product). My key contact has taken a stand that my service will work in her company – despite management changes and priority shifts (anyone who works in Fortune 500 knows that this is standard – everything changes on a dime).
My client took a risk with us. There were glitches at the beginning that, frankly, put her job at risk.
But, she got in touch with me, and my company fulfilled (and in some cases, over-fulfilled) on her expectations.
Turns out, we have been able to TRIPLE results! YAY!
Today, I had coffee with my client. Her job is going great. Her boss is now impressed. We shared a couple of personal stories.
At the end of our meeting, we hugged and she said, “I love you, dear!”
Can a Fortune 25 person say “I love you” to a salesperson? Turns out, the answer is “YES”, if you’ve fulfilled what meant the most to her and her and her position!
But, today, I got an “I love you” hug from a Fortune 25 executive. And I am happy!

Their love is strong, but has to pass many tests. Marriage is no cakewalk for the lovers… Hero takes up a job in the heroine's city. They make unsuccessful efforts to ensure their family's bonding. They discuss running away. The hero contemplates suicide. The otherwise strong heroine breaks down in tears.
Watch 2 States & embark on a roller-coaster ride of love, drama, emotions, tears, fears…and finally cheers!
My conservative point-of-view both about the book & the movie- they deal with the personal life of the author and have a lot of 'private' moments. The fact that hits me- Parents have no clue what their kids are up to...
Good review. But whatever I dislike going to halls and seeing movies, I wish to see it at home. Hope they show it on TV soon.
Being a Movie-fan, I love the theatre-experience! I guess you have to wait extra long for this movie! Hits take more time to be shown on TV!
if you can download from torrent you don't have to wait for that longs .. dvd will be out soon :D
As always, a nice review, prompting me to watch it tonight, Anita! :)
Do watch. However, you need to check whether the tickets are available. Showing Housefull here even for tomorrow's shows!
Like Indrani I too will wait for it to come home on the TV.
Good to read this, thought I will watch this, but....
Hehe I don't know why I just dont have the patience to go the movie theatre and watch it. I'll be lazy on the couch and wait like the others for the TV premiere!
No, not at all lazy! I know you'll be busy with the Posts & your Blog:)
Just wait a few more months for the TV Premiere :)
Loved the book (his best) and now am going to love the movie (as per this review)
Some people are saying that those who have read the book, won't enjoy the movie. But, I did & many others have done so & so will you :P
Very nice review! I have enjoyed the book , and now hope to enjoy the movie! Totally agree with your conservative point of view. Though it is true that movies are inspired by real life incidences, sometimes some very good movies show some incidences/scenes that I feel uncomfortable watching them with kids!
Real & Reel have a very thin line between them these days. We never know who is getting inspired by whom- but the results are scary & shocking sometimes...
Kids are much aware than their parents. signs of changing times.
Conservative views are out of place in such modern times...
A few people did not like the book... But, the movie is a must-watch for a Bollywood-film-lover :)
In fact, I interviewed a couple of people about what they'd rate the movie after watching the 1st Day 1st Show (when the critics hadn't yet announced their ratings).
Glad that you think it is "above average"- which means it'd get at least 3.5 Stars out of 5 :)
Yes, people will remember the movie as it's associated with the book & the true story of the famous author.
I was the fan of that book, and all Chetan bhagat's book, But I am really not sure how its gonna come up on big screen, Hope something happens like 3 idiot. :) Books are always better then movies :)
I felt Arjun Kapoor has done a good job considering that his past 3 movies had him as an Angry Young Man :)
Nice review ! I liked the movie also. I loved the use of Tamil in many places, whereas generally people talk the language of the film irrespective of where the film is based on.
Neha, This movie has been based on Chetan Bhagat's true life-story that's in his novel of the same name.
Earlier, that was the reaction of most people & people who haven't watched the movie may feel so...
Hi, I guess you need to do a Google search for it :) Even I loved the Tamil song that played in their wedding :)
Yes, it's a nice movie. Do watch. I watched it again when they showed it on TV :)
Even I feel it's a great combination :)
I have watched it many times too!

The biggest potential today lies primarily in the optimal networking of procurement, production, warehousing, and transportation — beyond company boundaries. The collaboration between companies and parts of companies is becoming more critical for the success of each individual participant. This is why the focus has to be on the entire supply chain.
Our services are broad in scope: From everything up to the supplier on the one side and from internal company structures and processes to the end customer on the other.
On the basis of what we offer, we will optimize and standardize your business processes as well as your goods and information flows. And we will make sure to keep an eye on everything both internally and externally while doing this.
We place special value on taking an end-to-end approach to the goods and information flows along the supply chain. And of course this also includes a weak points analysis or an examination of the outsourcing potential for the logistics as well as an optimization of the shipping costs.
Another aspect is included in our portfolio: We will also examine all business processes and all goods and information flows and their associated infrastructure to determine if they adhere to the legal safety requirements.
We can also help you with the selection and implementation of an information and communication system for processes that extend beyond company borders.

The goals of the project are to help students realize the responsibility of having a baby and, most importantly, that they need to wait before having children.
"Some kids sign up for the class just because they want to take the babies home," Trigge said. "After a night with them, they come into the classroom saying, 'Take this baby!'" she laughed.
She added, "They're eager at first, but after having them overnight, they're ready to move on."
The babies are made by the company Reality Works, and, according to its Web site, they "cry to be cared for as a real infant would and must be fed, burped, rocked and diapered around the clock."
Maggie Moses, one of about 15 students in Trigge's all-female class, said, "It was frustrating. I tried to do homework and other things, but there's not much you can do when you have a kid. At night, I'd finally get back to sleep and then it'd start crying again."
"And these babies are set to 'easy' mode," Trigge reminded the students. "They only need care every three or four hours. Imagine what it's like having a baby that needs more care, who may be up every one to two hours throughout the night?"
Each student is also responsible for preparing a budget that shows the expenses involved in having a newborn for the first year (they average around $6,000, Trigge said), and completing a questionnaire after their experience with the baby.
West's program includes discussion and information about the different types of abuse, shaken baby syndrome, risk and protective factors associated with child abuse and neglect, stress identification and safe baby care. The goal of the presentation is to help adolescents understand the challenges and realities of caring for infants.
The presentation has been made more eye-opening by West's use of a "shaken baby syndrome simulator," which Trigge donated to the council after she won it at a conference. The model shows the brain damage that happens when a baby is shaken, and West said the students are "riveted" during the demonstration.
"We all have risk factors and need to learn to manage them," West said. "Stress is one of the highest risk factors for child abuse. We talk with the students about what to do when they feel stressed out."
Stephanie Meyer, who agreed to take her "baby" home for the weekend, had feelings on Sunday that will resonate with parents.
"It's been a long weekend," she said. "The baby has been up about every two hours, mostly at night. The hardest thing was figuring out what was wrong with the baby every time. It has no schedule."
"I learned that I don't want to have a kid. It's not the best idea to have sex when you're a teenager."
As Trigge said, "If the project prevents one unexpected pregnancy, it's worth it."

Everybody deserves a good belly laugh without the hassle or cost of driving to Hollywood. The all-new Flappers Comedy Club in Burbank solves your laughter and dining needs with a unique menu and a spectacular setting where people can witness top-rated comics pushing the envelope for hard-earned chuckles.
The night my friends and I went, the featured comic was the star of TV and film, Tom Green. Since Green is in the middle of his World Comedy Tour, he was able to weave in humorous stories about his travels while also poking fun at his current career path of hosting an online talk show.
The best part of a Tom Green stand-up routine is his ability to keep things topical and fresh. He’s one of only two men on the planet who could make fun of Anderson Cooper getting punched by Egyptian protesters without having paying customers stone him onstage. With rapid-fire precision, Green kept the mostly Canadian-loving audience rolling in their seats for close to an hour and a half without missing a beat or insult.
I’ve seen hundreds of comedy shows, and Green treated the 225-plus people at my show with the same respect you’d get from an arena performance but for the cost of a club date. The owner told me Green would return to Flappers for shows in April. If you’re a fan of intellectual and offbeat comedy, buy your tickets early.
It’s impossible to laugh on an empty stomach, so my crew dined on multiple items including grilled shrimp cocktail, mini-burgers and fries. My favorite was the grilled shrimp cocktail with Cajun seasoning. I haven’t had anything this tasty since my days working in Louisiana.
Our group also dined on their famous wood-fired pizzas. Flappers has nine specialty pies, and those were the most popular item in the house. People on my row were actual comedy fans and not just out-of-work comics. Therefore, we shared different types of pizza, and I met some very cool people. The five-cheese pepperoni was by far our favorite and cost only 10 bucks.
I’m sure most of you have driven by Flappers a thousand times on your way downtown and probably didn’t notice the location. Unlike a trip over the hill, parking is a breeze if you leave your car in the Sears or Ashley Furniture lot. By doing this, you can avoid the Ross or AMC Theater crowds and have a stress-free return trip home.

Of course, she will have to work hard if she wants to get fed, but that won't be an annoying task for our favorite blondie because that's her favorite job in the world. sex gratis videos peppa pig español latino
This girl needs money fast, so the guy offers her the opportunity to get it in exchange for fucking him in the bathroom. porno sexuales https://tort-tut.ru/waxsr46dsvx25
jilguero satine He still hasn't received a gift, but when she moves around for him in the bathroom, sucks his cock and fucks him, that will be more than enough to make him happy. petardas gordas follando videos hentai gratis en español
porno sexuales When the schoolgirls arrive at the office to take advantage of her , she can't understand what is going on.  sex gratis videos
mujeres chupandose el coño Soon he'll have her stockinged feet up in the air so he can fuck her hard there on the couch.
He got to understand that being a porn actor isn't that simple as it may seem at first sight, but he had a great time while doing it!  alejandro fernández
The Doctor is pretty convinced that her problem is actually psychological so he starts by dilating her rear hole manually first to end up stretching it out all the way using his huge cock as a medical tool.  https://reklamamms.ru/1232570
We're always looking for new talents at CumLouder but we don't always have the luck to run into a slut like this one. peliculas jenna jameson canal96.com

Introduction Microfinance company also known as Micro Finance Institution is a type of institution which provides a small amount of loan up to INR 50,000 primarily in rural and semi-rural areaswhere other banking facilities are not easily accessible. In India, only Non-Banking Finance Companies are allowed to do finance business, but some other institutions are also […]
Regulation and compliance are two words that haunt every entrepreneur. Statutory compliances are meant to ensure that there is uniformity in conformation with a rule, specification, policy or standard mandated by law. Due to an increasing number of startups, the need for operational transparency has also seen a significant hike in the past decade. To […]
February 15, 2018 in Criminal Law, Law /by admin
In this article, Sudarshna Thapa of Law College Dehradun, Uttaranchal University discusses the enforceability of law of sedition in India. Introduction Every citizen has been given freedom to speak and express their views under Article 19(1)(a) of the Indian Constitution. However, this freedom is not absolute and some reasonable restrictions have been imposed on freedom […]
I got another email from a law student asking me to remove the internship experience he had shared on Lawctopus. The law firm had asked him to do so. Why? Because among the 400 good words he had written about the firm, there were 50 not so good words. This has happened earlier too. Law firms guard […]
In this article, Rajvansh Singh discusses whether arbitration can solve competition law disputes or not. Today, arbitration is considered to be one of the most popular means of dispute resolution. By adding a midnight clause private parties waive their right to approach national courts. The private nature of arbitration often raises a question that whether […]

Welcome to the brave new world of cyber-warfare.
Gone are the days when software patches were just for nifty little feature add-ons or updates.
As with graffiti on your garage door, if you don’t pay attention and clamp down on bad behavior, your problems have likely just begun…
And, like those who hire a professional security firm to keep thieves out of the warehouse, thousands of CEOs and business owners are now waking up to the fact that it’s absolutely imperative to hire a pro when it comes to securing your data network.
Here’s why you need a professional handling this for you:
“If you didn’t update to version 7.32 within seven hours, you should assume you’ve been hacked.” That’s what software maker Drupal told millions of its customers around the world last year. It’s just one example of what can happen if you don’t respond with lightning speed.
Once a security breach has been identified, hackers rush in. On “Day Zero,” cyber-crooks around the world go after at-risk targets. You’ve got to be quick to patch the gap, or else you risk a system compromise.
Unless you have the time, knowledge, experience and tool set to respond instantly, you are far better off leaving this to a professional IT firm you can trust.
#2: It’s not just the big boys they’re after.
Sure, the top news stories are about the attacks on companies like Target, Home Depot and Sony…
Yet your business is just as vulnerable, if not more so.
Chances are, you simply do not have the resources that giant corporations have to manage a data disaster. The statistics bearing this out are shocking: more than 60% of small businesses close their doors following a serious data breach.
The threat is not confined to giant corporations. Small and medium businesses are being attacked every day, and, unfortunately, your business is no exception.
#3: Dealing with data breaches requires specialized knowledge, skill and experience.
Here are just a few of the things a competent data guardian must be able to do to effectively protect your systems:
Review documentation and monitor forums. Sometimes your software vendor doesn’t tell the whole story. It’s critical to check online forums and other communities to see if anyone else is having issues with the new patch before jumping in with both feet.
Know when to apply a patch immediately and when to wait. Typically, somewhere around 95% of patches work hassle-free. The trick is to spot the 5% that don’t — before installing them. This requires identifying unique patching requirements, and applying exceptions accordingly. For instance:
Does the patch deal only with a security issue?
Or does it just add new features or fix non-security-related bugs? Obviously, security issues get top priority.
Is the system currently having issues?
If not, and if the patch doesn’t address a security issue your system is vulnerable to, it may be better to heed the old adage “If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.”
How severe is the threat to your particular network? If, for example, the only way a virus can enter your system is through an e-mail attachment and this functionality has been disabled for all users, perhaps the threat needn’t be a great concern.
Keep options open in case of complications.
Once a patch has been applied, if things aren’t working, it’s critical to restore the data network to pre-patch functionality, with little if any downtime. That means having good backups in place along with a tested and proven recovery process.
Does just thinking about data security give you a headache? We strongly advise that you let us handle this critical part of your business for you.
Call 724.235.8750 and schedule our no-cost Security Update Audit today. You’ll discover how easy it is to rest assured that your network is secure 24/7.
As our world flattens and we find ourselves doing business with people all around the world, you will find this app a vital tool.
Speak into your device and, with a tap or swipe, it recites what you just said in your choice of over 90 languages. That’s twice the number of languages offered by Google Translate.
You can select a male or female voice, as well as dialect and speaking rate. It also turns Chinese characters into alphabet-based words in English.
One downside is that the free version displays ads, but for five bucks you can upgrade and turn them off.
With this handy app, your world just got smaller — and, potentially, a whole lot more interesting.
It seems every day there is another technological breakthrough that just blows everyone away and changes our lives. And the fact of the matter is, it’s only going to happen more often and faster.
In my industry there is a concept called “Moore’s Law.” This is the theory that the number of transistors on a microchip DOUBLES about every 18 months. That means the growth of technology is EXOPENTIAL, not LINEAR. Hence, why we are able to leap forward so quickly.
I read a book a few months ago that totally changed my outlook on technology and business. It’s called Exponential Organizations and it discussed how companies like Uber and Air BNB were able to grow so quickly. The idea is that they “Information-Enabled” their businesses and were able to jump on the EXPONENTIAL growth seen by Moore’s Law.
Now if you’re intrigued, awesome, we need to talk. If you’re lost just understand this: Because things are changing so fast with technologies, and your business needs technology to stay competitive and efficient, now more than ever in history, having a good IT Provider on the same side of the table as you is absolutely vital.
This is one reason why I believe I’m in the most exciting industry today. Technology is industry ag-nostic. It doesn’t matter if you’re a law firm or a manufacturer, you need technology (and sometimes vastly DIFFERENT technologies) to scale and dominate the marketplace. That means I have the op-portunity and the honor to help businesses to grow and be competitive. HOW FREAKING COOL IS THAT?
Which of the following is NOT a Christmas Tradition somewhere in the world?
"InTech Is On Call For Us 24 Hours A Day So I Don’t Need To Worry About Any Computer Problems."
"Our business technology allows the whole team to focus and have the same information. In that way, we are all aware what is coming in the door and what needs to be completed, InTech is on call for us 24 hours a day so I don’t need to worry about any computer problems that come up."

How we stand out from the rest?
Don't have limits to learn. Learn to learn things in an interesting way.
Login from wherever you are and whenever you want.
Enter, register and pay only once to explore and update for future.
5 Free workshops to introduce STEM concepts. Know what you learn before you start learning.
A network where you meet new people, new ideas and collaborations. The opportunity to pocket an investor.
STEMians offer complete guidance. Know how to start with things at your own locality. We come to set it up and you just need to start.
You get to test your skills once in a while and that would be at the time of carnivals and competitions.
A natural "How does it do that?!" response from your child, to trigger the imperative critical thinking skills in your child to rationalize and reason facts, STEM helps to develop such skills.
"Don't touch that! It is hot and you will get burnt."Understanding the cause and effect which is important to decide things in life is a part of STEM to stimulate the child's natural curiosity.
The "Time has gone where you stop with just using the technology." It is hard time you need to develop technology to keep yourself updated.Fill the gap between coding trends and advancement in technology.
STEM integrated methodology of learning is essential for any kid to understand their place in the society. "If we Teach today's students as we taught yesterday's, we Rob them off tomorrow"
Co-Founder at Agilo Research and a Mechanical Engineer from IIT Kanpur, he is an expert at mechanical design of machines and robots. Apart from designing a variety of robots, he has worked on projects like designing parts of gas turbine engines for thermal power plants with GE, calipers for the disabled etc.
Critical thinking is what leads to the next breakthroughs in any area.
This is the place to spark your Ingenuity..!
The 21st century kids are very innovative, they learn the technique and start building their own ideas.
They collaborate easily with each other and make great projects for the future and to life easier.
The new generation kids a very skilled they can solve many complicated problems without anyone's help.
STEM is a curriculum based on the idea of educating students in four specific disciplines — Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics — In an interdisciplinary and applied approach. Rather than teach the four disciplines as separate and discrete subjects, STEM integrates them into a cohesive learning paradigm based on real-world
© 2018 Stemians. Designed and Developed by Web Design Company.
Do you believe virtual classrooms are going to be the next level of class room structure?
Well you're right! ,virtual classrooms are going to be the next level of class room structure

To a frustrated 12-year-old, the world of trucking always seemed to be so much more exsciting in the 70's. Just looking at some of the old pics, especially the long distance driving ones, you had drivers in cuban heels and denim jackets with magnificent mullet hairstyles - not a hi-viz or a pair of rigger boots in sight!
But the most rock'n'roll of all the outfits in those days, familiar to readers of Truck magazine but also to those who devoured Rolling Stone or Sounds, was Edwin Shirley Trucking.
The trucks were made for centre spreads - and I always remember a topless 'bird' would be either hanging on to the grille or sitting on the rood while the drivers looked on as if it was no big deal. They had probably seen it all while on the road with Genesis or Pink Floyd....I mean, look at this one (copyright !
Their website has a classic set of pics as well as a great history section. Check it out at:
If you click on the 'Jukebox' link, then on 'Wall of Infamy' on the pop-up, you'll get the full set of classic pics from those far-off glory days when men were men and a pair of spandex trousers was ok in the workshop.....
It's great to see that an old school firm like this is still going strong.
Im seriously considering ringing Trans-Am Trucking up for a job, as they arent far from me. A friend of a friend started for them this week, never been abroad, apparently his first gig id The Red Hot Chilli Peppers in Barcelona, think i2ll wait a couple of weeks and find out what the craic is, if its good, im going to go for it, (but without the spandex and the big hair!!!!! )
Trathens are still at it, although they did go bust spectacularly in the mid 80's. Think they're owned by Parks Motor Group now.
Another company who do a lot of this work is Stardes, who I think are based in Sheffield. I was looking to see if I could dig up any old 'bands on tour' type photos, and there is a good page on their website:
For all you other East Anglians, this page is all about the Darkness on tour!
From what my dad says it was one hell of a job with no time for stopping
and after 12 months the coaches were on there last legs from none stop running.
don`t know if this could be the one that you mention, ill try and find out a bit more info for you if i can.
.......Of course if you really had style (and money) in the 70's then you didn't need to bother with trucks and coaches at all......bit tricky to back up to the stage door though!
If you want a copy of the Trathens stuff let me know and i send it to you.
If anybody is interested redburns are looking for a Cat C / class 3 driver at the moment.
Trathens. There's a name I'd forgotten.
When they started in the 70's a few boys that I had worked with before at Thompsons of Moretonhampstead went to work for Trathens. One of them, Paul something, was there for quite some years.
A couple of stories I remember about them - one funny the other not.
along with a few others including the one that I work for www.phoenix-bussing.co.uk
Len himself Brought London busways when the government deregulated the industry in the early 90s, he then sold it to one of the major players in the market,not sure if its stagecoach or Firstbus, he then brought Limebourne a coach company from Battersea,that venture went bust around 1999. What he is doing now I am not sure.
Stuck in the office these days, off on a heath & safety course for a two weeks, rock & roll aint what it used to be!
not the best picture in the world, but another company on the rock and roll curcuit is jumbocruiser.com
Is it just me, or would you kill people for the kind of download speed that girl from the piracy ad's getting?
haha, another blast from the past
few more corcheela who were at the download festival as well as a few other i was at over the last few weeks

I must be getting old. I’m finding that the social medias are having limited usages for those of my generation. Yes, I am not in the target group for those who use most social media but, use it anyway.
One in particular sticks out in my mind. How many of us have gone to Youtube to find “how-to” videos, only to find that the majority of Youtubers are of a much younger age group and ended up feeling as though we’re ancient?
Thankfully, I am able to adapt the lesson I’ve learned and use the techniques to create something that does suit my age group once I’ve caught onto the process so, it’s of little consequence that I don’t follow the tutorial exactly as shown to achieve the same finished product.
Perhaps, the more mature generations need to dispose of our vanity and put out some videos of our own. After all, we have decades of experience behind us. We may not have the bodies or faces of the younger YouTubers but, we have the knowledge that might be helpful to even those who are younger. If that doesn’t work, we can engage one another.
Talk to me as to why you may not share something that you can do or think or feel on video for YouTube. I’d love to hear your reasoning. Please share it with us.
From my little corner of life…we all have something to share.
Jamie why not you, on painting etc. You have a lot of talent to share
There are just TONS of those videos out there, Cathy. I have nothing to offer in that arena but, I’m thinking on a few ideas to start my own channel that will appeal to all ages past 18 years of age up to and including those our age and beyond. 🙂

and the key for the corresponding IP address
Learn how to install and get started with your pHAT BEAT
from the internet. Ensure they are from a trusted source.
If you want to see what this script does before running it,
The on-board audio chip will be disabled if you proceed!
pHAT Beat comes with examples and documentation that you may wish to install.
Do you wish to perform a full install? [y/N]
INFO Found 16 tracks which need to be updated.
I’m actually still in the midst of (slowly, sorry) migrating the VUMeter code over to a version that uses Python for its front-end. With Python in the mix, it’s much easier for anyone to modify the behaviour of the VUMeter and test it pretty much immediately.
The plugins unfortunately get no information about how loud the music is, so the scaling factor can’t be (easily) adjusted automatically. I had an idea to use a slow moving-average to set the scale, but then instead switched over to using Python for the front-end, which makes it far easier to support long-term.

The program is not very easy to promote.
Kindly break this down in literal terms "The program is not very easy to promote."
Can i use social media such as facebook ads, forum site and probably talk to contacts on whatsapp to get result.

As discussed earlier yoga is not a goal in itself rather it is a medium to achieve the goal.
The goal is to become one with the Almighty.
When it is possible to realize that reality?
Then how we can get rid of these sanskaras?
Because we are not expecting any reward for karma, we perform karma as our duty and not to get any reward, they will not create any sankaras. Which leads us slowly to the ultimate reality.
This was not only the reason why Lord Krishna explains all about this. With the ‘samatva bhaava’ one can understand about his duties but why this is regarded as yoga. As explained before yoga is the way to salvation.
It can be done through karma only.
Then what kind of karma we should do to attain this?
Karmas should be performed considering them as our duty and not to get any reward.
How it is possible to perform karma in that manner?
It is possible with the evenness of mind.
This whole process can be understood in the following manner:
Healthy lifestyle is very important for every person. Most of diseases caused due to the improper lifestyle. In this... read more
Have you ever wonder that Music which you play just for an entertainment and enjoyment is used as a... read more
First of all, wish you a Very healthy & wealthy happy New Year. Forget your ups and downs in... read more
“Do you see a light when you are falling asleep?” “Yes, I do. Doesn’t everyone?” The boy’s voice was filled with... read more
Winter is gone and summer is on, so it’s time to beat the heat. So in Yogic activities for... read more

IJMB IS THE BEST WAY TO START FOR THOSE SEEKING FOR ADMISSION
Thank you for accepting my application and considering me the admission.
WE CAME ACROSS THE IJMB FROM THE NET AND ALL THINGS BEING EQUAL WE TRUST THAT WE WILL BE ADMITTED AND BE SATISFIED
I REALLY APPRECIATE BEEN ONE OF THE REGISTERED CANDIDATE, THIS WEBSITE IS VERY FAST AND FLEXIBLE.
Honestly, I say, judging by how interactive, efficient and hasslefree your website, this being my first contact with you, I know my success is assured through your program. Please keep the good work going.
WE HAD OF YOUR EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE IN PUTTING WOULD BE STUDENTS TO TWO HUNDRED LEVEL IN ANY UNIVERSITY OF YOUR CHOICE, WE COUNT ON YOU THAT OUR OWN WILL NOT BE AN EXCEPTION.
WHAT A GOOD WAY TO START. IF YOU ARE A CANDIDATE OUT THERE STILL SCEPTICAL ABOUT YOUR ADMISSION, WHY NOT TRY OUT THIS AMAZING PROGRAMME.. IT IS THE SUREST WAY OF GAINING ADMISSION. THANK YOU.
I LOVE THE SERVICES OF IJMB AND I PROMISE TO RECOMEND YOUR SERVICES TO MY FRIENDS THAT MIGHT BE INTERESTED.
i"m very happy to know about this site, because it very easy to do anything you want with secured transaction. it real and true, thanks.

Comment by Hanlie Sales on April 24, 2013 at 7:08pm

In October, TNW brought you the news that Microsoft had entered into an agreement for cloud computing firm StorSimple. Today the company informed us that the acquisition has been completed.
The deal’s terms were not made available, however the purchase price could have veered into the low nine-figure range, as StorSimple had raised some $31.5 million prior to its purchase.
The subtext to all of this is that when Microsoft says that it is ‘all in’ on the cloud, it’s not kidding.

Today we're going to begin a discussion of a very useful class of enzymes.
In reality there are more than six nucleotides on each strand, of course. The Bam HI just looks for the specific sequence it's interested in, and will accept no substitutes:
What does a restriction enzyme need in order to do its duty?
1. A double-stranded DNA sequence containing the recognition sequence.
2. Suitable conditions for digestion.
It is important that you recognize the differences between the three types of ends generated by restriction enzymes, and the three examples above are illustrative.
In the example of digestion with the enzyme BamHI, it's obvious that the newly created ends of the DNA do not line up evenly with each other. On each fragment, there is a four-nucleotide sequence 5'-GATC that hangs off the end and doesn't base-pair (because the other fragment has broken away and moved off).
What do we call a DNA molecule that has ends that line up evenly with each other (i.e. neither end is overhanging)? We say the ends are "blunt" (meaning "not sharp") or "flush" (meaning "level or even").
An example of this is the enzyme Bsr I, just described.
You may have already noticed this is true, but here are two examples:
"Wait a minute! The Tsp509I has 6 nucleotides in its sequence, not 4!"
That's true, but since the two "N" nucleotides could be anything, they don't really add to the specificity of the recognition sequence. They are included only as "placeholders" to help indicate where the phosphodiester bonds are broken. The following are all valid Tsp509I sites (I've highlighted the central four nucleotides in red):
Enzymes with recognition sequences from 4 to 8 nucleotides in length each have uses in genetic engineering.

Instead of rushing to hit the reply button on this post, I challenge you to start downloading his replays and figuring out which ones aren't 1CC's. No rush, take your time.
it is common evaluation of the universe. period.

I'm sorry for a lot of questions but I'm a total noob, the only experience is from reef aquarium...
Could you rephrase this question, as I'm not exactly sure what you mean?
Yes, you're right, these containers come without openings for transits. How many holes 110 do I have to drill for transit two or one between containers?
Which is the lowest point in relation to the surface of pond where water comes from airlift to pond ?
To be absolutely safe, two 110mm transits should suffice. You could also use one 125mm transit.
The height of the connection to the Collector does not really matter, it depends on how your filter is situated and if you use up-flow or down-flow.
I will get back to you about the sieve.
Good to read that you thought about the positions of the drain and skimmer beforehand.
Your filter space sounds pretty large to me, what do you want to keep in the pond?
Now I'm thinking of leaving these containers and making a watertight filter with partition walls.
No need to reduce the dimensions, it's good to have a big filter so you have a bit more capacity than you may need. You can always leave a chamber empty for now.
For which those valves in the first chamber (the middle valves on the T-pieces) ? How such type of filter is cleaned ?
The other members advise him to add another bottom drain, and to make the pond bigger.
I agree with this by the way, this is very similar to what I'm going to use myself.
So I think this is just a very neat way of doing it without having to empty the first filter chamber. But considering the cost of these valves, I would not use this.
Doing it like this is a bad idea. As you can see these valves are the only thing that close off the filter drains. If they start leaking, they immediately leak into the filter pit, and the pond will lose water.
At this point in the filter, the best way to do this would be to use another ball valve after these four gate valves.
What I mean by that is, you should connect these four drains to one pipe, and place the ball valve on that pipe.
Of course, You can switch this conversation into the topic, I hope this might be of help to other beginners.
You can see that here at the end of the first post (part one):
He had a skimmer with a 160mm opening (outside diameter) which had to become 110mm (inside).
In your case, the opening is much too small. But looking at it it seems like the skimmer could also be 160mm (outside diameter) before it has the small outlet.
I don't think it's necessary when using a Crielsieve, as the particles that can move through are really tiny. It's more of an extra measure, depending on how clear you want your water to be as well of course.
You can connect your drains all to one pipe with a ball valve at the end. This doesn't have to be 110mm. I think this will be overkill and ball valves become much more expensive as you go bigger. I think 75mm should be more than enough. I have 50mm drains on my current filter and those are 250L barrels I think.
Personally I would still give each chamber a gate valve so you can drain them individually.
I continue to work as soon as the heat is released, 37 degrees in the shade...
Sorry! I missed your new post. I read through it and will give a proper reply later today.
For now I will answer what I can.
Why did you give up on that? Can't you use the opening in the wall seen in your photo to fit the skimmer?
If you use a floating surface skimmer you cannot connect to your filter as far as I know. These simply collect floating debris in a small basket that you have to empty from time to time.
After you've built all of this, the only thing you need to do is finish the surfaces with plaster, and after that, fibreglass.
In your current drawing I see some room for that, I will make a drawing.
There are solutions for automatic top-off, should be very easy but I don't have experience with it. I will ask Marc.
I started working on some images and kept adding details and figuring things out. These should now answer most of your questions.
For the next drawings I simply extended the filter area by 10 centimeters. It does not really matter which option you would choose as you could build everything in the same way.
This is the design I am using for now:
Next, I started adding details. As you can see I added another filter bay on the left side between the last filter bay and the Collector chamber.
This is the final version which shows all the details:
As you can see, the dry area has plenty of room to move around and plenty of wall space to safely secure your electric equipment.
The only thing I am currently not 100% sure on, is the placement height of the big transit for your Crielsieve. I will get back to you on that, Marc knows but he did not get back to me yet. I will ask him again.

British author Christopher Priest apparently has a bee in his bonnet over this year’s shortlist, and we’re not talking an ordinary bee, or even an Africanized honey bee, apparently. We’re talking about an insect of gargantuan proportions, on the order of the dread space bee, a la Futurama.
On the other hand, one can’t really argue that he’s not qualified to offer an opinion; he is a published author with eleven novels under his belt, as well as having garnered a previous Clarke Award among others.
Again, he may be qualified to do so, but it still seems like a base and classless thing to do, particularly when he has a vested professional and financial interest in all this; one would expect better of a writer of Priest’s caliber – whatever happened to the British stiff upper lip? Even sadder still, he makes elegant arguments for the novels he felt should be on the shortlist, and manages not to mention his own potential candidate, The Islanders.
With the director of the Clarke Award pooh-poohing the idea of firing the panel and suspending the awards this year, one wonders what Priest will do next. Threaten to take his toys and go home, never to write again?
It’s all rather silly, but then it’s hardly the first time; the Internet is littered with the carcasses of righteously indignant blog posts; I’ve made a few myself over the years. But if you’re interested and haven’t been following the ruckus already, check here for a good Clarke Award hullabaloo rundown at Strange Horizon’s blog, including links to a lot of other author responses – authors who seem to have exercised some decorum and restraint as befitting people of letters.
Sheldon, you see, felt she couldn’t be taken seriously as a woman author at the time she was writing, so she invented a male persona which she maintained for much of her life. Among Tiptree’s peers, her identity – and gender – were a topic of considerable debate. Ironically, there were those who were positive that Tiptree was a man, because of the way she wrote.
According to the council’s website, apparently there was Redwood and Wildfire, and then there was everybody else. To wit:
“Intersections of race, class, and gender encompass these characters’ entire lives. They struggle with external and internal forces around questions of gender roles, love, identity, and sexuality. This challenge drives how they move through the world and how it sees them. The characters in Redwood and Wildfire deftly negotiate freedom and integrity in a society where it’s difficult to hold true to these things.”
Sounds interesting, to say the least. But to say “then there was everybody else” isn’t quite fair; to make the annual Tiptree Award honor list is no small feat; the other works in the running can hardly be described as also rans. Here’s the breakdown of the 2011 honor list, as cribbed from the Tiptree Award site:
Gwyneth Jones, The Universe of Things (Aqueduct Press 2011) — Running through these gorgeous stories is a fierce awareness of how gender roles and other social power imbalances are always factors in how we think, how we approach one another, how we see the world. The author questions the status quo, and then questions the questioning, so what emerges is a mature, honest, thoughtful complexity.
Sandra McDonald, “Seven Sexy Cowboy Robots” (Strange Horizons, 2010.10.04) — A surreal and subversive take on human-AI relations. An older female character exploring her sexuality is a rare thing in science fiction, and it is refreshing to see it handled here with such a deft hand.
All of those sound interesting and worth reading as well, although there are two that stick out among them, in my humble opinion. The first of these is Hurley’s God’s War; religion almost always makes for an interesting topic in the right author’s hands, and a matriarchal yet militaristic culture sounds intriguing. Religious war is also obviously a very topical theme, in this day and age.
As for McDonald’s “Seven Sexy Cowboy Robots,” I’m inclined to read any short story that has the words sexy and robots in it – which probably reveals more about my psyche than you might be comfortable with – throw in cowboys and it’s a done deal.
Fortunately for me and everyone else who likes science fiction, speculative fiction and related genres, Strange Horizons – in it’s total awesomeness – keeps its previously published fiction archived online (props to the authors that allow them to do this, as well). Which means you can check out McDonald’s “Seven Sexy Cowboy Robots” at Strange Horizons right this instant.
Said it before, say it again: living in the future is a mixed bag, but generally, by and large, pretty cool.
P.S. I feel compelled to add this note, in these Internet times of shoot-from-the-hip emotional reactions and cries of reverse racism and sexism at every turn. For the cynical or misinformed among you, I’ll point out that there have been have been plenty of dudes that have won the Tiptree Award in the past.
Indeed, previous award jurists have been quite open minded; in 2009 the award was split between a novel and a manga title.
It is here, too, that we first meet our narrator, the story teller. If I have a bone to pick with Indigo in Blue, it would be with Lord’s use of the narrator. But we’ll get to that later. Let’s get back to Ansige and Paama.
Chief among those is the character of Chance, who has become disillusioned with humanity and subsequently filled with ennui. As an immortal being imbued with the power of Chaos, this is – well, I’ll let Lord’s narrator tell it:
… “Not as unusal as you might think,” she said, replying at last to his comment about Paama. “There are many women like her, considered by some to be virtuous and lyal, considered by others as foolish and week. What about Paama changed you?”
“Ah, so you saw her duty,” Patience said, sounding pleased.
“No, not at first. She saw her duty long before I noticed it. There are many things that I once knew but which I had forgotten, and one of them was that human duty is not very different ours.”
And, later in the conversation, when Patience has put her offer on the table:
What’s more, our jaded immortal tries to convince her that humanity is not even worth the trouble. But in the end, Paama may have illustrated for him otherwise.
As for Paama’s own redemption, again, you’ll just have to read the novel. And you really should.
And to be fair, Lord’s narrator mostly keeps out of the way, while still offering up those clever asides, like this early description of our aforementioned poet:
A terribly shy man, he was far too self-deprecating, an unhelpful trait in any person who aims to sell snatches of empty air shaped around vowels and consonants, or worse, bits of white paper irregularly stained with black ink.
Or this gem, again with regard to the hapless poet:
Women fell into that category of fantasies and dreams that worked well when unfulfilled but presented all kinds of problems when brought out into the real world of trial and failure.
Many women, by their beauty and sheer presence, have reduced intelligent men to babbling idiots or gaping mutes, but few have inspired to such heights of eloquence a man who can only be described as mediocre. There is the secret. Show a woman that she has the power to improve you a thousand times over, and she is yours for life.
That last one literally made me laugh out loud when I read it. Like all good humor that relies on hyperbole, there is a grain of truth in there.
But there are times when Lord’s narrator becomes needlessly intrusive, and this is annoying at best.
It is particularly annoying because her prose stands on it own and easily; it doesn’t need this sort of thing and it consequently only serves to disrupt the story. Fortunately this doesn’t happen often.
Is There Room for Facts in Truth?
When I was perusing the New York Times ‘book section – online – last Sunday afternoon while feeding my coffee (shop) addiction, I clicked on a link by accident. Or was it fate? Because I discovered a book that I just have to read, one that I likely wouldn’t have discovered had it not been for that errant click.
On a side note, I absolutely loathe using the touchpad on a laptop, but the little mobile, carpal-tunnel mouse that followed me from Viet Nam to the United States and back to Viet Nam finally died recently, God rest it’s tiny little optical sensor. But in this instance it was perhaps fortuitous happenstance. But I digress.
The Lifespan of a Fact is a nonfiction account of a fact-checker at odds with a nonfiction writer, one who argues that art and truth trump facts – particularly when they inconveniently diverge from the author’s sense of timing and aesthetics.
Part of my attitude undoubtedly comes from having worked as a professional journalist for 20-odd years (and some of them were quite odd years). There there was the time spent at the hardcore journalism school at Ohio University too (not enough money or grades for Columbia or Stanford) – an errant fact in a story was an automatic “F,” usually.
Speaking of journalism and the New York Times, it seems that esteemed foreign correspondent Anthony Shadid, who died of an asthma attack recently while covering the bloody civil strife in Syria, has published a memoir that was just released this week. Although Shadid died Feb. 16 at age 43 – the same age as yours truly – he accomplished more with his time than most, to be sure.
But Shadid left all of that at the office, so to speak, Rather, House of Stone is about a year spent restoring a family home in Jedeidet Marjayoun, Lebanon, following the breakup of his marriage and family. This is framed by an historical account of his family’s flight from the ruins of the Ottoman Empire to the United States.
I think I’m going to have bump this one up to the top of my long, long list.
Amazon.com Bots: I’m Afraid I Can’t Do That, Dave
I don’t always agree with what Corey Doctorow has to say, and I’ve never read his fiction (although it’s on my list, as I’m curious). But he does tend to frequently post interesting book and publishing-related news on seminal blog Boing Boing.
Kind of amazing, stunning even, to consider that the world of ebooks and ebook publishing is really only about five years old or so, and yet it’s come to this already. Perhaps HAL, the errant, sentient computer in 2001: A Space Odyssey isn’t an apt metaphor so much as the Borg from Star Trek: The Cheap Imitation The Next Generation. We are Amazon. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile.
He recently published the novella as an ebook, along with My Morning Glory, a collection of three so-called flash science fiction stories that originally appeared in the scientific journal Science. What’s more, he gave them away for free, in both Kindle and Nook formats, for one week each. I’m not sure what format the Nook version was, but the Kindle version is in Amazon’s proprietary standard.
One may wonder why I am e-publishing “TWA.” After all, it’s been reprinted about a dozen times and translated into five foreign languages and is easily found on pirate sites. Hasn’t everyone already read it who’s going to read it? I hope not. The fact that it has done so well for so long suggests that, given a little nudge, it might have the right stuff to find new readers on its own who may become new fans.
I may be one of those new fans. I’ll let you know before too long; I took advantage of the giveaway and downloaded both. But as someone who has been through the violent crash of print journalism and the Internet – literally at ground zero, in Silicon Valley – I can sympathize with the Marusek’s of the world and the a changin’ times. Believe me.
I’m only passingly familiar with Grove Press, having read a few well-thumbed volumes published by this imprint back in my university days, Beckett, Burroughs and whatnot – the kind of books that I wanted to read in college, but never really seemed to get around to reading. Yes, a bit cliché, I know.
As Carl Zimmer notes on the inuagural blog post of Download the Universe, science books have been around for about as long there have been books – and important books at that. Look at all the trouble Darwin’s Origin of the Species has caused.
Many of the necessary elements are falling into place for this experiment. Programming is becoming painless and powerful. Readers can buy ebooks with a tap on a sheet of glass. And there are enough readers now that they can conceivably support a community of ebook authors.
But there’s something missing in between. It is still tough for readers to discover new science ebooks. Traditional book reviews limit themselves to works on paper. Some ebooks may appear in computer magazines, but buried in reviews of laptops and printers. In between, we need a community.
Download the Universe is a step towards that community. It is the work of a group of writers and scientists who are deeply intrigued by the future of science books.
I’m sure a lot of copy editors initially wrote headlines like this when the news first broke a few weeks ago that Harry Potter author Rowling has a new book in the works, this one aimed at big boys and girls. Then said editors paused and thought “wait, no, that sounds like she’s writing a pornographic novel.” And then they opted for headlines that were perhaps more clear.
“Although I’ve enjoyed writing it every bit as much, my next book will be very different to the Harry Potter series. … ” Rowling said in a statement – statement meaning that this was her marketing-and-PR-approved quote composed by some poor sap at Little, Brown and Company’s PR firm, and not words that she actually said in front of a journalist (God, as a former journalist I have always wanted to write that. Now I have). “The freedom to explore new territory is a gift that Harry’s success has brought me.”
On the other hand, Deathly Hallows could have used some editorial pruning. But then given Rowling’s rock-star status and the tendency toward bloat in popular fiction today, I suppose that’s no surprise. In any event, it will certainly be interesting to see where Rowling’s muse leads her post Potter.
This is a strange post-modern tale, if there ever was one. Someone sets out to discover the creator of a Clickbank ebook seller website – ostensibly just one plot in an entire Clickbank content farm. Why would someone do this? Well it seems that creator of said horse-related ebook site, in order to get around Twitter’s spam bot filters, has set up an automatic scrape of random books and websites, publishing them out of context as tweets several times a day, ostensibly to pad the obvious spam bot tweets.
Seriously, this is straight out of William Gibson. Chen actually manages to discover the identify of this person, after doggedly pursuing his identity through the WhoIs information of his many websites – he’s a Russian web developer, but of course – and confirming it through a Facebook page, where there was a link to the developer’s personal portfolio website.
Ah brave new world, that has such webpages in it.
Now this is only tangentially related to books and book reviews. But if you’ve read Gibson’s 2003 novel Pattern Recognition, then you can see the parallels between this work of fiction and Chen’s story are downright eery – so much so, that I just had to comment on it.
Life imitates art — specifically that of William Gibson. As he himself has observed, he no longer has to write about the future; the present has gotten plenty weird as it is.
The winners will be announced at SFWA’s 47th Annual Nebula Awards Weekend May 17 – May 20 in Arlington, Virginia.
What? Exactly. Fortunately it’s not called that, but rather Arc magazine. Apparently this came down a few months ago around the first of the year when I had other things on my mind, like a torn quadriceps tendon. Anyway, the fist issue is out: the dead-tree version is a whopping hardbound 152-pages and sells for $29.95; digital copies for iOs, Android, Kindle and regular ole’ Windows and Mac ‘puters sell for $6.99.
Arc will explore the future through cutting-edge science fiction and forward-looking essays by some of the world’s most celebrated authors – backed up with columns by thinkers and practitioners from the worlds of books, design, gaming, film and more.
I’m playing catchup here, but it certainly bears repeating, if you haven’t already heard. Now don’t get too excited, the back issues only go back to January of last year. Still, it’s pretty sweet that you can now subscribe to this venerable science fiction trade publication or buy individual editions in pdf, epub, or mobi format without any annoying digital rights management dictating how you use the content that you paid for.
The latter, by the way, is an independent ebook (e-book, (e)Book whatever) store that originally featured books and whatnot from Small Beer Press and Blind Eye Books; since then other publishers have been added. Best of all, everything they sell is DRM free – no worries about backing up to multiple devices and hard drives. Registered users of Weightless’ site also get a backup library of titles they purchase, kept on the site. Living in the future is cool, huh?
This isn’t going to be so much literary criticism as it is merely personal reflection, observation and pondering. After all, a serious critical treatment of the entire series would be the stuff of graduate school theses, and I don’t have the time on my hands that I once had when I started Barking Book Reviews.
At the risk of beating a dead critical horse, in many ways, the original trilogy is stereotypical of when it was written: the 1950s. Women characters are virtually nonexistent. Colonization of space is seen as inevitable — sort of a Galactic Manifest Destiny, as it were, although conveniently there isn’t the nuisance of any indigenous species to subjugate and/or slaughter. Asimov, incidentally, actually finds a reason for this empty galaxy — this struck me as odd the first time I read the novels — which he elucidates near the end of the sequels.
But Asimov can’t be dismissed as so many ’50s-era science fiction writers can, those who imagined a bright, shiny future where men were men, women were women and Science — with a capital S — made everything better. While science is the hope of human civilization in the Foundation series, it is mathematics, psychology, sociology and history — all of them together comprising Hari Seldon’s psychohistory — not nuclear rocket ships and and square-jawed, crew-cut manly men.
They Have Sex in the Future, Don’t They?
But flash forward 30 some years, and not only do we have characters having sex, but we have female characters initiating it. Sometimes the characters even talk about sex. Of course, by today’s popular fiction standards, the brief and occasional sexual interludes among Asimov’s characters seems almost quaint (not to mention a little awkward).
Still, “the idea’s the thing,” if I may paraphrase the Bard.
It’s to Asimov’s credit as a writer and a man of ideas that he pulls this off: writing a tolerably good sequel after the fourth book in the series determines the eventual fate not just of the Galactic Empire and Hari Seldon’s Foundation, but of all humanity to the end of its evolutionary track. Most authors of popular fiction, when faced with such a task, seemingly phone it in to milk the resulting cash cow. Oh the names I could name …
One more note about the prequels. I think it’s fair to say – as many others have observed – that we can draw parallels between the aging Hari Seldon and an aging Asimov. He did acknowledge that he thought of Seldon as his literary alter ego, after all. Either way, there is a ring of truth about the aging Seldon – both in his middle age and in his elderly years – as depicted by Asimov.
P.S. So I set out to jot down a few thoughts on the Foundation series, and ended up with 2,100 words. D’oh!. But then I’ve been doing that since college.

101 Ways To Tell If You're Filipino
You eat using hands and you have it down to a technique.
You're standing next eight big boxes at the airport.
You put hands together in front of you as if to make a path and say "excuse, excuse" when you pass in between people or in front of the TV.
You say "for take out" instead of "to go"
You say "open" or "close" the light.
You say "Ha" instead of "What."
You turn around when someone says "Psst"
You say "Cutex" instead of "nail polish."
You say "array" instead of "ouch."
You prefer to make acronyms for phrases such as "OA: for over acting or "TNT" for, well, you know.
You say "air con" instead of "a/c" or air conditioner.
You say "brown-out" instead of "black-out."
You use a "Weapons of Moroland" shield hanging in the living room wall.
You have a tabo in the bathroom.
You have two to three pairs of tsinelas at your doorstep.
You have a shrine of the "Santo Niño" in your living room.
You have a "barrel man" (you pull up the barrel and you see something that looks familiar. Schwing...)
Your lamp shades still have the plastic cover on them.
You have a giant wooden tinikling dancer on the wall.
Your car chirps like a bird or plays a tune when it is in reverse.
Your car horn can make 2 or 3 different sounds.
You have an air freshener in your car.
You were raised to believe that every Filipino is a aunt, uncle or cousin.
Your parents call each other "Mommy" and "Daddy" or "ma" and "pa."
You have family member that has a nickname that repeats itself, i.e."Deng-Deng," Ling-Ling" or "Bing-Bing"
You order a "soft drink" instead of a "soda."
Goldilocks means more to you than just a character in a fairy tale.
» Miniature Tricycle - Metal die cast model of one of the most common mode of short-distance transportation in the Philippines. As ubiquitous as the jeepney!
Send the Christmas party to your loved ones! Be part of the family's celebration!
Copyright and disclaimers © 2006, 2008 KabayanCentral.com. All rights reserved.

Pegasus News summed up the night as, “The best pin-up show I have ever seen.” And I tend to agree. This is an event not to be missed, and I can’t wait until next year!

One of parents' biggest worries is their children being sick with a fever. If allowed to get too high, the fever alone can cause health problems such as seizures. However, fever is generally harmless; it is the product of the body fighting off minor infections. Before starting a home remedy, you should check to make sure it is safe. It is important to know when to seek emergency help.
If you notice your baby is feeling warmer, you can apply a cool, wet cloth to the forehead. The water from the cloth will evaporate from skin, drawing the fever out and bringing temperature down. Follow the steps:
Place cloth on your baby’s forehead, hands, feet and groin will also help reduce the fever.
It’s important to not use ice cold or very cold water as this can instead cause a temperature spike.
Placing your baby in a bath that isn’t hot or cold, but just lukewarm can help to relax him/her and regulate the body temperature. It can also help your baby sleep better, which will in turn provide a faster recovery.
You can do this a few times a day with a sponge for babies under 6 months or in the tub for those who are older. Make sure to dress your baby immediately after the bath so he/she doesn’t catch a chill.
If your baby refuses, try other positions. Keeping your baby upright may help him/her feel more comfortable while nursing. If you have to, pump your milk and feed with a bottle or spoon.
Fluid intake is extremely important for a sick baby. This will help cool him/her down and will replenish fluid lost from sweating. It is essential to prevent dehydration because this can lead to further troubles and lengthen recovery time. Because of the fever, babies may only take small amounts of liquid at a time.
You can provide oral rehydration fluids that are store bought or homemade, as well as lukewarm water for babies younger than 6 months old to help replenish their electrolytes and fluids.
For older children, you can also give cold milk, popsicles, chilled yogurt and fruit juice to help keep them hydrated.
How to break a baby's fever? Keep an eye on the room temperature when you have a sick baby; keep it between 21.1 to 23.3°C, so it is neither too hot nor too cold.
If you have a fan on for the baby, keep it on low setting and don’t put your baby right under it.
Keep your air conditioner at a comfortable setting, making sure baby doesn’t shiver.
It is also important not to keep the heater on overdrive, because this could also cause your baby to overheat.
Taking medication is the last resort when learning how to break a baby's fever. You can help lower your child’s fever with ibuprofen or acetaminophen. You should consult your doctor before usage.
Children that are at least six months old can have ibuprofen and those over two can have acetaminophen.
With children younger than three months, you should speak with your pediatrician before treatment.
You should know the weight of your child and check the package instructions for dosage tips.
You can give acetaminophen every 4-6 hours and ibuprofen every 6-8 hours.
It is important to avoid aspirin in children unless your provider specifically says to do so.
You should call your pediatrician or go to the emergency room if:
Your child doesn’t seem to feel better even if the fever goes down.
The child has no tears when crying.
Your child isn’t urinating regularly or hasn’t in 8 hours.
Your baby has rectal temperature of 100.4°F or more and is under three months old.
Your baby is 3-12 months old and has more than 102.2°F.
Your baby is younger than two with a fever for 48 hours or longer.
Your baby has a medical illness such as diabetes or a heart problem.
Your baby has symptoms such as a sore throat, cough, nausea or earaches.
911 needs to be called if your child:
Has a bad headache or stiff neck.
Should You Worry If Your Baby Won't Burp After Feeding?
What Is the Ideal Baby Weight at Birth?

Jedi Master Radek: A few years ago, you said you had an idea for a Star Wars RPG set during the Empire era. Could you tell us more about it?
JMR: You said on Twitter you were involved in the preproduction of Tyranny. How much of it will be shown in the final game? Was this involvement only on the design documents level or will we get some of your writing in the actual game?
MCA: There is none of my writing in Tyranny. And the preproduction period was all I was involved with, so I actually don't know how much of that stuff will actually show up in the final game.
MCA: I remember doing a few samples lines for that, but I don't think the final ones made it in.
JMR: What part of your work that was cut was the most difficult to let go of?
JMR: It was me who found out about the Van Buren trademark.
JMR: Could you please tell us how work on the project is going?
MCA: [smiling mischievously] Oh, I couldn't say something like that! No, that would be saying too much! [laughs]
MCA: So I had a question about that. I actually don't know what drawings those are. I thought I'd already given them, all the troll drawings. So I drew one on Twitter and sent it to them right before this interview. So that's one less drawing, but if they have a list of stuff that I haven't delivered, please let me know.
JMR: Great! I can't wait, I've been waiting ten years for this!
JMR: What would a company need to offer you to join them? Full creative control over your projects? Something else?
JMR: You said during the conference that you're working on an unannounced project to be announced later this year. Is it an RPG?
MCA: Oh... I can't even say anything about it beyond that it's coming. [laughs] I think if I gave any details that actually would be too much, but shouldn't be too much longer. [laughs]
JMR: Aw... I was actually going to ask if it's a new IP or not, or are you working with a company you worked with previously or not, but you won't answer I guess...
MCA: Yeah. Unfortunately I couldn't say anything. I'd love to, I'm happy to talk about it after it's announced but...
JMR: What work of fiction you have experienced in recent months has inspired you the most, and in what way?
MCA: [surprised] Oh, okay. Yes, so... all right, so Dark Souls is one of the games that I use in the example of how visuals and very minimal prose can communicate a lot about a world, without someone talking at you. And what I really like about Dark Souls, I think, visual storytelling, they do a great job, but then with their inventory items, those also tell a story with very minimal attacks. So those are two things that I wish more narrative designers would pay attention to.
MCA: Are you kidding? I'm not good at playing any games. I suck at everything! [laughs]
MCA: [laughs] Yeah. Every game I play I get my ass kicked, but I still enjoy it. [laughs]
JMR: What's your dream project? Do you think you'll ever realize it? On the same note, hypothetically, if you didn't have to worry about financial returns, what game would you make?
JMR: How often does your feedback actually influence the final outcome of a game?
MCA: Do you mean feedback from players, or feedback from the player who'll play in the game?
JMR: No, I mean the feedback you give to other companies.
MCA: Not people... not players. Publishers, for sure. There are certain franchises, where there are certain subjects they don't want you to talk about. And any other times I've attempted to include material that I think would be hotly debated, that's been cut.
JMR: What is more difficult for you? Creating concepts, like who is this guy, what are his motivations, his personality? Or doing the actual writing, bringing individuals to life with words?
JMR: Which of your famous characters have ended up going in a different direction?
JMR: Well, that's what people do!
JMR: When you're not the lead designer on a game, the parts of it you're working on have to fit with somebody else's vision. What challenges does this pose? Have you ever found yourself complying with a vision you didn't like?
JMR: When you talked... oh sorry, this is about Van Buren so I won't ask.
MCA: [laughs] I... you know, if such a project exists I would be happy to talk about it. But I can't talk about it. But good detective work, well done!
MCA: [laughs] Yeah. Also... no, I'm sorry, go on.
JMR: No no, say what you wanted to say!
JMR: You come across as a very humble guy, always good-willed towards others. Were you always like that, or is it something you learned during your life?
JMR: You said on Twitter that you were going to work with the Fallout IP at the source. What did you mean?
JMR: I don't know if it was a movie or if it was a planned ending...
JMR: Do you have any other unannounced projects besides the ones we spoke about before? Let's say, how many unannounced things are you working on now?
MCA: [thinks for a while] Quite a few. [laughs] And that's all I can say.
JMR: There were talks ten years ago with White Wolf about Obsidian making a World of Darkness game in the Neverwinter Nights 2 engine. Do you have any idea what story you would have told in this game?
JMR: You worked for some time on Hidden. Could you tell us something more about it?
MCA: [thinks for a while] Oh, yeah... wow... yeah, that didn't happen. [looks at some distant point on the horizon] God... I can't say anything more, it'd just go bad.
MCA: Yeah, it was a great idea he had. He was very modest about it. I think he still gets mad when I bring it up. [laughs]
JMR: How do you view your career? Is there something you regret not having done?
JMR: What do you think of the pragmatic approach to game design versus creative approach to game design?
JMR: In the game industry you need to make compromises - compromises on difficulty, scope, mechanics, innovation and accessibility - to actually deliver a successful product. But at what point do those compromises become too much? Is there a point where a game can completely lose any creativity and artistic merit because of those compromises?
JMR: When you worked on Van Buren, what aspect of it did you like the most?
MCA: Oh, it actually wasn't too hard, actually most of it just involved rewriting quest text and some of the interface prompts, and that was pretty much about it. But I think they just thought it was too weird.
JMR: Van Buren was supposed to have another party in the world that would wander around and complete quests. Can you tell us how that was supposed to work?
JMR: It's a great concept. Would you try it again in a future game?
JMR: What are the strong points of your writing? Why isn't gaming isn't recognized as a storytelling medium like movies or books? What is lacking in video game storytelling?
JMR: All the new cRPG offerings coming out these days have brought the genre back to life. People talk about them, people play them, and they're mentioned in the press quite often. How many young players are falling in love with the genre? Have you done any market research? Is the new generation of cRPG players large enough to sustain it?
JMR: Do you think that it's common to start out as a BioWare or Bethesda player and then move on to something more... let's say, heavy?
JMR: Do you think pop culture has become too conservative, playing it too safe with its products? For example, Hollywood seems to be relying entirely on franchises and remakes these days. Even movies which are not remakes, like the new Star Wars movie, can turn out to be remakes in disguise.
JMR: Well, my list of questions is over.
JMR: Maybe just one more question. Can you tell us something we don't know about the Alien RPG you were making?

20 ready-to-use pre-waxed strips for total body hair removal
With the fragility of a balloon, delicate and sensitive skin requires extra special care. That’s why Waxxxie Ready-To-Use Wax Strips are made with a Salon Formula which is applied to a softer fabric strip that gently removes unwanted hair in a matter of minutes without mess or fuss.
Compact and convenient, they are available in 2 sizes for the face and the body and can be used up to 5 times with lasting results.
Using the palm of your hands and fingertips, apply strip with firm pressure and firmly smooth over 3 – 4 times in direction of hair growth.
Holding skin taut with one hand, quickly pull strip off in the opposite direction of hair growth. Remember to hold skin taut with the other hand and to pull close to the skin rather than up into the air. For a salon-perfect finish remove any residue with After Waxing Oil.

I agree with others that it may just be that he isn't as interested in some of the activities you have chosen.
Also even though he may have been swapping houses between you and your ex for some time now, he may be going through some issues with the exchanges and learning to adjust to this as he gets older and more aware of how the world works.
Some suggestions that may help (if you don't do so already)
Let him take as much time as he needs when he arrives at your place to settle in, go to his room and feel comfortable with the change of houses before beginning any major conversations or discussions on what the day holds.
Just give him some quiet time to settle and let him know when he is ready he can come and have a chat and hug etc.
(A little like when you arrive in a new destination on holiday, you just want a minute to put your bags down and gather yourself before you jet off to a day trip etc)
Perhaps ask him to help you write out on small note paper some ideas and activities you can do together for when he comes over. Just some ideas..
And of course some of his ideas on what he likes to do and has fun with.
Then put all the notes into a jar. Each weekend before he goes home, he gets to take one note out and that's something you will do the following weekend he comes over.
Theory being that he has a bit more ownership of what's coming up since he helped to plan and chose the activity as well as gives him plenty of time to prepare himself (and hopefully get excited) for what's coming up.
Hope things start to settle for you so you can all enjoy your time together a bit more!
Definitely been there with SS @DonM77 so I feel your pain and frustration. What other posts have said is right - the things you've chosen to do with him simply may not be things that he's interested in and that's OK. Mind you, it's great to open their eyes to new things as well.
We went through this with SS at roughly the same age and we just kept trying different things until he either got used to them and started to enjoy them, or we hit on something that he really liked. It was hard because DH and I are outdoors people and SS just wasn't accustomed to doing a lot of the things that we love to do.
He was a little bit the same with bushwalking but with gradual exposure and really taking the time to engage him in his surrounds, now he and his Dad are planning overnight hikes together (he's 13 now).
At 7, SS was really into Indiana Jones so we'd try to take him to places that were interesting for him to explore - caves, creeks, rock formations, waterfalls. That was how we first really got him enthusiastic about bushwalking - there's a national park near us where you can walk under a waterfall. Of course SS would love to stand under the water for ages and get soaked through, even in mid-winter, but seeing him laughing and having a great time was worth carting around a complete change of clothes and a towel.
He also loved dinosaurs and fossils so we've taken him fossicking a few times and we've been lucky enough to find some pretty interesting specimens too.
I'm of two minds with this, part of me thinks maybe choosing activities the seven year old likes to do but on the other side of the coin sulking the entire time because it's not what he wants isn't ok either.
Maybe try middle ground and choose something your son likes to do and then choose a short activity you want as well so your son is learning he sometimes has to things that you like as well?
What about movies, a video game/laser tag centre, go-karts? Have you tried taking him without your girlfriend, maybe he wants some quality time alone with you?
My DP and I are a blended family with 5 kids between us....imagine trying to find activities that all 5 enjoy!! Haha, not a chance. DP's 13 year old is a little bit like your DS. He's into intellectual stuff, he reads heaps and sometimes plays his iPod (we limit time though, he can't just play it all day).
When we take all the kids out, we invariably have at least one or two kids not totally enjoying it as they all have different interests. I'd try and find an activity he enjoys as it sounds like he's not the outdoorsy type.
Have you tried taking him without your girlfriend, maybe he wants some quality time alone with you?
Actually this is a really good point, and something that I'm always aware of as a step mum. It's really important for boys to have time with just their Dads, doing boy stuff.
I'm not saying it always has to be just you and him, but each weekend it would be good to plan some time that's just the two of you. Hopefully your girlfriend won't be offended.
Also agree with @crystal4431 that sulking because he hasn't gotten his own way is not OK. That used to do my head in when we'd worked hard all week and just wanted to spend some enjoyable family time together. It's finding that happy medium - balancing what he wants to do with what you want to do.
My DP and I both make sure we each spend some time with just our own kids (he's got 3 boys and I've got DS & DD). We do spend a lot of time as a big family, but it's important to give your kids some time without their step parent.
Are you asking him what he would like to do or are you planning activities yourself for him? My DS is 7 as well, and he knows his own mind. He has likes and dislikes and his own interests.
We dedicate x amount of time watching movies and playing games already.
This doesn't appear to be an issue, he's adjusted well.
Most of the activities we do are without my gf. He acts the same with or without her, so that isn't the issue.
At this point, I can't allow him to play games all weekend. Im trying to show him there are many things in life aside from games. I try getting him involved in sports, but he's simply not interested. Unfortunately there isn't much left to introduce him to.
Well, he can't accuse you of not trying!
2 year old being difficult since his baby brother was born?
Am I the only one who finds this extremely immature?

It's the end of the year, and time for Folio magazine to publish predictions about the industry.
Once again Folio has been kind enough to ask me for my predictions for the coming year. And as anyone who has read this blog in recent weeks could guess, I'm predicting that 2009 will mark the end of an era in B2B media.
Or, as I said a few days ago, "the B2B industry as we know it is about to collapse."
But before you check out what industry folks see for 2009, I think it's kind of instructive to read what we predicted for 2008.
And as much as I wish I had not been right about much of what I predicted, I have to give myself a pretty good grade for that list.
Some of Folio's other prognosticators last year also saw correctly that things were taking a turn for the worse.
In particular, it's worth noting that Larry Grimes said private equity firms would look to sell their holdings, but they'd find few buyers and lower valuations. He also predicted that publishers looking to buy online properties would "find the pickings are very slim." And that "deal flow will be slow until the banks start lending again. "
On the other hand, some of last year's predictions look pretty far off the mark as we look back at 2008.
Reed Phillips predicted that by the end of the year, "valuations for newspapers, specifically, and print media, in general, will start to rebound." There were also two people who predicted a surprising rise in magazine advertising in 2008.
This year's collection of predictions is different. This year there's something like consensus. Most everyone, it seems, expects a tumultuous and difficult year.
For a look at some of my other predictions of year's past, click here or here.
Well, I hate to say I told you so, but here's what I've seen in the few days since that post ...
And one of the best-known blogging networks in the world is cutting pay.
Please don't misread what I'm saying here. I believe in the future of journalism, particularly B2B journalism. But it's become increasingly apparent that before the next era begins, we're going to continue to experience a very difficult present.
Last week I heard about a research report filled with the sort of bad news I've come to expect about B2B media.
The B2B industry as we know it is about to collapse.
In the research, Outsell, a firm that markets itself with the slogan "must-have intelligence and advice for publishers and information providers," predicts B2B publishers may soon slash another 1,250 jobs. That would come on top of the 925 jobs already cut in the second half of 2008, according to Outsell's estimates. (The full report, which is available here for $295, was a few weeks old by the time I came across it, so we can assume that some of those predicted cuts have already been accounted for in the most recent layoffs in the industry.)
Outsell also predicts "additional print ad revenue losses of 4.5% in 2009 and 3.2% in 2010, adding further pressure for reducing print-only staff for the next two years."
My experiences meeting with B2B journalists in recent years are even less encouraging. I'd put the number of successful "conversions" at around 20%.
Nothing about any of that should be surprising. The seeming inability of most print-based companies to make the transition to the Web is well-documented.
But equally troubling, and far less obvious, is that most Web-only publishers have a similar "conversion" problem.
These Web-native companies are finding themselves unable to assume the core journalistic functions needed by the B2B world. They have mastered content aggregation, commentary and search-engine optimization But only a small percentage of them seem able to move beyond those areas. Original reporting, in-depth analysis, price discovery, data creation, etc. all remain beyond their capabilities.
If you're a regular reader of this blog, you know of my love affair with the world of B2B journalism.
And regular readers also know I've grown quite distressed about the state of the industry.
It was a year ago this month that I said B2B was being pushed into a "a new era of preposterousness" with "revenue targets that seem delusional." I predicted that 2008 would be an"awful"year.
A few months later I said "things were awful and getting worse."
But even as things have gotten bad and the economy has deteriorated, I've been confident that the future of B2B media was in the right hands.
But I've come to believe that my faith in these next-generation companies has been misplaced.
Here are some of the things I saw at the start of the Web era and their counterparts in today's era.
Web-only publishers are overestimating the implications of their recent success. They look down their noses at the dinosaurs who failed to adjust to the Web. Web-only publishers assume that their early successes can be scaled.
Web-only folks underestimate the difficulty of creating content. They assumed that, if the time came, they could do original reporting, create data and run trade shows as well as any old-time B2B executive. Now the time is here, and they are finding they cannot.
Both sides of the print vs. Web debate in B2B are wrong. But neither side can see that. And because of this, the B2B journalism world as we know it is about to collapse.
I don't mean that print is going away.
I don't mean the Web is going away.
I don't meant that the print brands that went Web-only are going back to print or vice versa.
Some of this should be painfully obvious.
Print-based B2B is dominated by companies that are choking on debt. Most of those companies won't make it into 2010. It seems that every company in B2B publishing is for sale, but there are few buyers. There's no credit available for troubled holdings. I expect the bankruptcies to begin any day.
When the economy recovers we'll see a new landscape in which many of the established players of the print and early Web eras are gone.
B2B journalism will be dominated by the following five types of companies, all of which exist today, but as much smaller players in the industry:
3. Small, privately held print publishers -- that handful of traditional B2B players who avoided the lure of Wall Street's leverage. Without the debt burdens of their larger rivals, these smaller companies will be able to acquire troubled brands, hire key people and operate profitably on smaller margins. They may also be able to leap past the Web era and seize market share in some post-Web/mobile/AI/whatever era. It's also likely that they can offer content-creation services to the other types of players.
4. Price-benchmark publishers -- those companies that determine commodity prices in a market. Without these companies, entire industries would need to reconstruct their core pricing and distribution functions. That won't happen. So the benchmark publishers will continue on. (Among the better players in this space is Platts. You can read about the president of that company, who will be honored by ABM next month, here.)
That's what I see on the other side of 2009.
Longtime readers of this blog, and many of the folks who have heard me speak at industry conferences, know of my interest in psychology, personality types and the insight that the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator can provide newsroom managers.
And anyone who knows me knows that on the MBTI test I'm an ENFJ -- the "teacher" type personality that is overrepresented in the fields of media, nonprofits and religion.
(You can find three earlier posts in which I talk about being an ENFJ here. Or if you want to learn more about this personality type, you can check out profiles here and here.
So imagine my surprise when, just moments ago, I played with a new online tool that is supposed to determine the MBTI personality type of a blog and found that my blog appears to be written by an ISTJ -- the "duty fulfiller" type personality common among cops and soldiers.
Now putting aside my brief military career, I'd be hard-pressed to think of a personality type that seemed less like me than the ISTJ.
One possible explanation, of course, is that the Typealyzer tool doesn't work.
Whatever the answer, I do know this for sure: if I actually were an ISTJ personality, then I wouldn't have let a month pass without updating this blog!
I spent much of last week feeling sorry for myself because I had to miss the College Media Advisers Convention.
And today I find one more reason to wish I had been there. The American Collegiate Press announced the winners of its annual Pacer awards at the show. And the list of winners for the best Web-based journalism was filled with folks I know and admire.
I would have liked to have offered my congratulations in person to those winners who attended the show. But I'll have to be satisfied with offering a virtual pat on the back to Bryan Murley, Kelly Wolff, Sean Blanda, Whitney Rhodes and the other winners of the Online Pacer.
I'm in New York this week, as I am most days. But I'm finding this a particularly annoying place to be this morning.
Because I'd really like to be in Kansas City as several hundred young journalists converge at the College Media Advisers convention. But I had too much work to do, so I decided to cancel my appearance at this year' show.
Now I'm sitting here in Manhattan thinking that was a really bad move.
Those kids are arriving at the convention in the midst of a print death spiral. And that's likely to cause an unnecessary panic.
Consider the news of just the past few days!
Now that is all awful news. It's sad. It's depressing. But it is not a sign of the apocalypse.
But if past is prologue, the students at CMA will be briefed on all that bad news and then hear:
a) a lot of doom and gloom from professionals longing for the past; and
b) a lot of terrible advice about competing in the tough new world by building skills that are valuable only at print publications.
And what they won't hear is anyone like me, a guy who:
a) is actually recruiting to fill some great jobs, and
b) feels fantastic about the future of journalism.
Late last year I predicted that 2008 was going to be an "awful year" for B2B publishing.
Several months later, I said things were "awful and getting worse."
And as bad as things have become in B2B, things are worse in some other parts of the journalism world, particularly newspapers.
Rather, what I'm telling people are these three things:
1) Expect things to get worse at most publishers. This is a bloodbath. And it has just started.
2) Brace yourself for the end game. Sometime very soon we'll some of the giants of publishing collapse under the weight of outrageous debt levels, falling ad revenue and rising print costs.
I just wish I was telling people those things in Kansas City.
(Note: Coincidentally, while those college kids were heading to the Kansas City, their future bosses were gathering here in New York at the Future of Business Media conference.
I didn't attend that show either.
But I don't regret that decision.
I think I learned all I needed to learn from one of Rex's live posts from the conference. )
Why would you use that thing? It's stupid
I spent much of the past few weeks on the road -- meeting with journalists, executives and others to talk about the changing nature of media.
I do a lot of that stuff. And I've found that meetings with publishing companies, with few exceptions, take a predictable path.
The folks at Web-only firms are enthusiastic, delightful, smart and engaged. They're thinking several steps ahead of the competition. They're focused on life in 2010 and beyond.
People at these companies are most interested in hearing my opinions on their ideas for the future.
The folks at the trendsetting companies in B2B -- home to those print-based brands that have made the transition to Web-first publishing -- are equally bright. But there's a slight undercurrent of resentment about the ways in which we work today. People are behaving well and talking positively. Yet it's clear that much of the staff longs for the past. People at these companies are most interested in asking me questions about the future.
People at these companies are most getting interested in trying to get me to reduce my rates.
There is, however, one thing that unites all these companies:
Everywhere I go, there's always someone who hates Twitter.
Now like my friend Rex, I'd like to give up on trying to explain Twitter. But it seems that I cannot. Everywhere I go someone wants to make a snide remark or to engage in a lengthy conversation about how ill-suited a 140-character tweet is for many forms of journalism (My response to those people, by the way, is "Yes. It is.")
But when one of those Web-only companies I mentioned above launched Yammer for its workforce, I gave it a try.
And quickly became an addict/fan.
And as word got out that I liked both Twitter and Yammer, it seemed no one wanted to talk about anything else. I found myself spending far too much of my time trying to explain to journalists why I think both Twitter and Yammer are cool.
And then, this morning, I heard about something that may change everything.
I have no idea if this thing will catch on. And I don't much care. I'm just thrilled by the concept behind IvyLees.
Because I doubt that there's a single journalist anywhere in the world who doesn't believe that a press release can, and should, be reduced to 140 characters.
Which means the next time I run into a journalist who is cynical about the whole microblogging phenomenon, I can point to something that will make sense to even the angriest journalist -- a really, really short press release.
The B2B industry has spent much of the past year or so obsessing over the "tipping point" -- that point in time when a brand's absolute growth in online dollars surpasses the decline in print revenue.
You can read Ad Age's piece here. Or, even better, go straight to David Kaplan's piece on PaidContent. Pay particular attention to the section about Time Warner, which says that Money, Fortune and Fortune Small Business generated 24.5% of their 2007 revenue from CNNMoney.com. That's nearly double the 12.5% of a year earlier.
I find numbers like that a bit disconcerting. And here's why:
Second, We can talk all day about the differences between the specialized world of B2B and the broader consumer-focused world of business and personal-finance publishing. But there are some crucial similarities -- particularly that both are seeing a steady rise in print costs, a shift of readers to online, and the growing dominance of the Web by online-only competitors.
Or, to put it another way, both B2B and consumer-finance magazines have to get to the tipping point quickly if the brands are to survive.
So when I see what's happening not just at cutting-edge, technology focused brands like Network World but at old, wounded, print-based brands like Fortune, I can't help but wonder:
Note: It's been almost a year to the day since I suggested that the time had come for B2B journalists to begin planning for the individual tipping points in their own careers. I think that is even more important in October 2008 than it was in October 2007. More importantly, it may be too late now for many print-based journalists and advertising-sales staff.
(Disclosures: 1. IDG is a client of mine. And my next assignment there will involve meeting with the staff of Network World later this month. 2. I was once a producer at CNNfn.com, the predecessor of CNNMoney.com.)
Circulation Management, the magazine and Web site that has covered the circulation end of the magazine-publishing business, is changing its name to reflect changes in the industry.
Starting in November, the product will be rebranded as Audience Development.
I applaud the move. There can be no doubt that the jobs and tasks of what we once called the circulation department have morphed into something more complex, more challenging and more exciting in today's multi-platform world.
Circulation Management is owned by Red 7 Media, which is also the parent company of Folio magazine.
And I cannot think of a word that is more closely tied to the print past than "folio."
So can we expect a rebranding of that title as well?
I just got some great news in my email in-box.
Under the program, journalists can send their "is this ethical" questions to the group and get an answer in fewer than 10 days. (Details are available through a link on the ASBPE homepage.)
The news comes at what is likely the perfect time.
As the economy deteriorates and traditional publishers continue to suffer, I've noted a surge in editors reaching out to me for help with ethical issues.
It seems that I was right when I predicted that 2008 would be a tough year that would lead to an increase in unethical behavior.
For more on my predictions for 2008, search for my name in this Folio article.
Posted by Unknown at Wednesday, September 24, 2008 5 comments:
If you've read this blog with some regularity during the past few years, you've probably learned more about me than any reasonable person would wish. For example, regular readers know that I am probably the only salsa-dancing, U.S. Army veteran in history to have worked as a roadie for Alvin and the Chipmunks and to have received an Eskimo kiss from Natassia Kinski.
Regular readers also know, that for reasons I cannot fully explain, I tend to live my life on an academic calendar -- seeking fresh starts and new challenges every September.
And once again my life seems to be in flux -- filling with new people, places and things, as others disappear.
I've added two clients this month, while I have completed my projects with two others.
I've agreed to help a friend launch his new businesses, while another old friend has suspended his plans to create a new publication.
And as the children of many old friends begin their college years, I'm mourning the death of the woman I loved during my own undergraduate days. Furthermore I'm pondering the strangeness of learning about her death in a phone call from her daughter, who is now roughly the same age her mother was when we met some thirty Septembers ago.
With all that is happening, I've had to pull back from a few commitments.
I am, however, still planning to attend the College Media Advisers convention in Kansas City next month (I'll be hosting a session) and the Health Content 08 Show in Philadelphia in November (I'm sure to be blogging about that.) I hope to see many of you at both places.
2. A handful of readers also know I had planned to debut a news and information site of my own this month that would serve a tiny, specialized audience in a B2B vertical. But taking care of my paying clients and helping my friends has taken priority (as it should.) I hope to find the time to launch that site within a few more weeks.
Now Harry has launched a second blog -- this one covering his adventures as a media entrepreneur. Add it to your RSS reader.
I'm swamped today with business tasks and a family emergency. So I can't do much more than point to the news that Cygnus has defaulted on a portion of its debt. Credit-rating agency Moody's responded by cutting its rating on the B2B publisher.
I expect we'll see a lot more of this from those companies that are in similar trouble -- choking on debt, tied to expensive print production and dependent on a staff that has lost faith.
Click here to see an earlier post on Cygnus' financial woes.
Posted by Unknown at Thursday, September 11, 2008 1 comment:
Anyone who knows me knows how much time I put into working with college journalists. It's the part of my career that I enjoy the most.
So I'm thrilled by the news that the American Society of Business Publication Editors is deepening its involvement with the next generation of journalists.
I'm so happy about this -- and so proud of ASBPE for taking this step -- that I can't stop smiling.
If you'd like to help the next generation of journalists understand the opportunities in B2B, there are three things you can do.
First, consider a donation to the Foundation.
Second, make plans to visit the College Media Advisers Conference in Kansas City next month. I plan to be there. Stop on by my presentation and meet some of the bright young folks you'll be working with soon.
If you'd like to learn more about what I've learned in my recent visits with college journalists, check out my four-part series from earlier this year.
Longtime readers of this blog know I began predicting years ago that low-cost Web technologies and open-source software would lead many B2B journalists to quit their jobs and strike on out on their own.
Now Harry has published a sort of how-to guide for anyone interested in following in his entrepreneurial footsteps. If you've been thinking it might be time to work for yourself, check it out.
I'm feeling a wee bit proud today. Heck, I think everyone in B2B journalism should be feeling a little proud today. Particularly those of us who live and work in the B2B blogosphere.
According to Adam, Reed Business Information's Flightblogger was the first with the news that Barak Obama had chosen Joe Biden as his running mate. And he broke the news through Twitter and with the help of his readers. If that's not an example of how to report in 2008 -- fast, first, connected, Web-first and employing tweets and crowdsourcing -- I don't know what is.
Now according to Adam, others in the blogosphere picked up the story and ran with it. And, according to Flightblogger Jon Ostrower, other bloggers, as well as the news networks, failed to credit him for the scoop.
But I don't want to get all nitpicky here. It looks like Jon broke the news. And that's worth celebrating if you care about news and B2B.
Jon's scoop is particularly good news if you're me.
Because several years ago I had the pleasure of speaking to a bunch of RBI journalists about "becoming more blog-like" -- by adopting some of the practices of the blogosphere in their work. I think it's safe to say that the reaction I received from some of the staff was a wee bit short of love and adulation. In particular, I remember one guy who promised me "we will never do that s*#t here."
And today I can say for sure that I was right when I responded, "Yes you will."
(Note: B2B blog historians, if there are such people, may be amused to see that the first time I wrote about B2B blogs and the airline industry was three years ago this summer. I guess that means its probably time to drop the modifier "new" from the phrase "new media.")
Posted by Unknown at Thursday, August 28, 2008 6 comments:
So allow me to share this important bit of info:
As a general rule, for reasons that escape me, companies that are in the business of communicating information to readers do a terrible job of communicating information to their employees.
Today, for example, I had the chance to read the internal memo that Source Media's CEO Jim Malkin sent to employees earlier this week to announce a large-scale reorganization.
But today as I struggled to read the memo, my support simply drained away.
I'm sure you'll agree that the memo is simply unreadable.
First, it's 1,830 words long. And I have this picture of every poor soul at Source trying to "speed read" through the thing to get to something important.
Second, the memo doesn't answer the one question that probably every single reader had: Is anyone getting laid off?
Third, the memo is full of dense paragraphs of "who reports to whom" nonsense that should have been in a graphic (or even in a separate memo.)
There's simply no reason for this sort of thing at any company. There are loads of very talented people working in the internal communications field. Any decent size company can hire someone to manage employee communications. Even the smallest company can get a consultant to help with major messages.
But at a journalism company, failing to master internal communications is just unforgivable. For god's sake, a publishing company is filled with people who communicate for a living!
So please, whether you're the CEO, a publisher or anyone else at a media company -- the next time you have something important to say, walk down the hall and ask someone for help.
Also, if you're interested in following developments in internal communications (a field that is struggling with many of the same issues as B2B publishing), I'd suggest you start by reading two of the best blogs in the space: Talking Internal Communications and H&K's Change and Internal Communications.
Source Media, publisher of a number of Wall Street-focused brands such as The Bond Buyer and Securities Industry News, is reorganizing into a team-based system.
Under the plan, every title at Source will have an editor-in-chief, but won't have a dedicated staff. Instead, Source editors will be organized into four different "pools." And the EICs will pull editors from those pools as needed.
It's possible that the reorganization is nothing more than an attempt to reduce costs by lowering head count. And, according to Folio, 20 jobs will be cut.
But I'm willing to entertain the possibility that this is actually a more nuanced -- and more sensible -- move than it might appear.
We're in a strange position in B2B journalism in 2008.
We are far ahead of our peers in the newspaper, TV and consumer magazine world in some areas. Other times we languish far behind.
In two areas in particular, B2B has shown the way to the future:
1. No other area of journalism does a better job of producing (and selling) data on the Web.
2. No other area of journalism is doing a better job of moving to Web-only -- eliminating inefficient print pubs to cut costs while preserving brands online.
But they will look at you blankly and say "our readers aren't there yet" or "we don't have the budget" or "we need more training" or one of a thousand other excuses.
I think about the laggards in B2B journalism whenever I read about the extraordinary problems facing the U.S. newspaper industry. I think it's safe to say that daily newspapers have done a worse job than any other media sector in adjusting to the changes of the past few years.
And while every mistake that daily newspapers made has also been made by B2B publications, I would be hard-pressed to name a B2B company that has made as many mistakes as the average daily newspaper.
There's a wonderful piece online today that I would urge everyone in B2B to read. It's by William Lobdell, who left the Los Angeles Times last week after 18 years with the company. Lobdell has published a piece called "42 Things I Know" in which he outlines the mistakes made by the Times.
The Times is the poster boy for how not to adjust to the Web. It seems less likely every day that the thing can even survive. And there are lessons to be learned in studying what went wrong.
Posted by Unknown at Tuesday, August 05, 2008 4 comments:
The media blogosphere is a slightly less interesting place today.
And given that no less an institution than the Associated Press has apparently forgotten the basics of "fair use," I can't think of a worse time for this to happen.
But I'm not a copyright attorney. So I've tended not to push this point further in my presentations. Rather, I just urge the journalists in the audience (and the publishers that employ them) to consult with their attorneys and consider replacing copyright protections with the more open system known as Creative Commons. (Here's some more info if you're interested in the history behind Creative Commons.)
In his farewell post, Patry says he's giving up the blogging game for two reasons -- frustrations with the blogging life (anonymous comments from morons, etc.) and that the current state of copyright law "is too depressing."
I understand both reasons. And I don't begrudge him the decision to move on. Blogging is a time-consuming and often frustrating endeavor. And for people like Patry (and me) who choose not to run ads or otherwise make money from our blogs, blogging can often feel like a waste of time.
On a sort of related note, Harry McCracken has a piece on his new Technologizer site about Web sites that didn't deserve to die. As a New Yorker, I'll add my voice to that of the other residents of this town that miss Kozmo! Now that was service (Yea, sure, it was a terrible business. But I loved it so.)
I've been on the road for weeks ... and am just now settling back into my routine.
I'm in my apartment. The baby is asleep. And in the past 24 hours I've managed to get caught up on email, feeds, tweets, bills, invoices, voice mail, paper mail and neighborhood gossip.
But I'm still way behind on blogging.
I'm on the road this week and next. And as I sit in hotel rooms and read my feeds at the beginning and end of each day, I get the feeling that by the time I get back home, I won't even recognize the media industry -- particularly B2B.
Consider some of what is happening:
1. John French, Penton's CEO, has stepped down. And although the search for his replacement has barely begun, I'm already hearing some interesting theories about what the Wall Street whizzes that control the company are looking for in the new boss. It now seems likely that
Penton will soon be run by someone from a large, B2C online-only venture, i.e., AOL, Yahoo, etc.
All this comes in the wake of the Guardian's purchase of PaidContent, Bloomberg's decision to restructure its news operations, the near collapse of America's publicly traded B2C newspaper companies and the loss of thousands of jobs among the ink-stained masses.
Something is happening. And I suspect that years from now we'll look back on the summer of 2008 as the time when the entire media profession entered a new era.
In a nutshell that means that arguably the most Web-savvy newspaper company on earth has purchased what is arguably the most important Web-only B2B property on earth.
First, let me offer my congratulations to Rafat and his team.
They have built a truly remarkable series of products in less than six years -- largely by avoiding the cost and workflow problems of legacy print companies. As important, Rafat understood what so few people did understand six years ago -- the world of content was moving away from print. And there was need for news product that could cover use online and mobile media to cover developments in online and mobile media.
Clearly something is happening here.
And years from now we may look back and realize that this was the week that the B2B industry in the U.S. entered an all-new era.
For more on the deal, check out coverage from ReadWriteWeb, which offers some good background on the Guardian's recent progress online.
For some background on PaidContent, as well as a link to a video in which Rafat explains the journalism theories behind the company, check out this earlier post of mine.
If you're not already familiar with the Guardian, here's a good a place as any to start -- an article from earlier this week about U.S.-based B2B publisher IDG. (Disclosure: IDG is a client of mine.)
Today is a day when all of us in B2B journalism should pause, look at the news in our industry, and ponder what it means for each of us.
Because it doesn't get any bigger than this: Bloomberg LP is restructuring.
So what does it mean when the best of the best in our industry decides to restructure? Why would it do so? Can other companies extract a lesson?
First, let's look at what is happening.
It's also worth noting that the restructuring is not related to any financial difficulties at the company. No layoffs are planned. The company continues to be a cash-producing machine.
I agree. Particularly since the restructuring comes amid rumors on Wall Street that Merrill Lynch, reeling from the credit crisis, is looking to sell its 20% stake in Bloomberg. (The most likely buyer is the trust of New York mayor and company founder Mike Bloomberg. Value of the stake is somewhere in the neighborhood of $5 billion.)
It's also worth noting that although Bloomberg continues to print money, the company's core audience of Wall Street bigwigs and traders is hurting. Sales are likely to have declined in recent months. And it would take a very optimistic person indeed to suggest sales will rise in the near term.
Third, let's look at other details.
But here's the part that intrigues me:
The restructuring will create two, distinct groups of journalists in the company.
The second team will be dedicated to multimedia and the Web. The company is searching for someone to run that team.
But I have to ask: why the split? and why now?
Bloomberg's move comes as the rest of the industry -- both B2B and B2C -- struggles to merge print, Web and television operations. Everyone from the Washington Post to Hanley-Wood is looking to create some form of Web-first publishing in which journalists are able to produce news for any medium.
But Bloomberg seems to be moving in a different direction.
Or perhaps it is nothing more than a way to create two, state-of-the-art news organizations in anticipation of selling one of them.
Or, perhaps, Bloomberg has a very different idea of what it will take to run a news company and make money in the future.
Posted by Unknown at Thursday, July 10, 2008 No comments:

One of the themes of the project is the use of built-in storage (both owners are teachers) in an architectural way. This two-sided storage at the stair separates it from the Craft Room and creates a hallway to the Master Suite. Photo: Erick Mikiten, AIA
This second floor laundry room does double duty as both the laundry and an efficient home office. A pair of skylights open to ocean breezes in the summer.
This contemporary take on the classic beach house combines the traditional cottage look with contemporary elements. Three floors contain 3,452 SF of living space with four bedrooms, three baths, game room and study. A dramatic three-story foyer with floating staircase, a private third floor master suite and ocean views from almost every room make this a one-of-a-kind home. Deremer Studios

A magazine for families of children and young people with cancer.

Extreme medical advances in recent decades allow physicians to keep a person alive far past the point of truly living. In the worst-case scenario, a living will can sometimes require physicians to perform harrowing and terrible procedures in order to honor a person&apos;s wishes—which perhaps he would no longer have chosen for himself. According to The Guardian, 70 percent of an average person&apos;s medical care costs are accumulated in the last six months of his or her life.
Living wills are important for anyone, regardless of medical history or socioeconomic status, because they allow a person to determine what he or she wants for his or her final days. Yet it is imperative that they be updated, reviewed, and revisited often, most beneficially in the presence of a legal professional. If you are ready to draft your living will or interested in learning more, do not go through it alone. Contact an experienced DuPage County estate planning attorney today.
Typically, people name a trusted family member or a close friend as their executor. Other options are naming a trust company or bank to oversee your estate. Whoever is named executor is entitled to a fee for the work they do for the estate. In Illinois, that fee can range anywhere between 1 and 5 percent of the estate&apos;s value.
There are many important decisions to make when drawing up a will. It&apos;s also important to have an experienced DuPage County estate planning attorney working with you to make sure that all your final wishes will be correctly written out in your will.

When I was young, and first read Robert Browning’s lines, “Grow old along with me. The best is yet to be,” I assumed it was a love poem to his wife Elizabeth Barrett Browning. (Spoiler alert: the poem is more complicated than that.)
Since Browning and Barrett were known to have a true love – they married secretly in 1844 against her father’s wishes, she was disinherited, and they left England to live in Florence – I took his supposed thesis on good authority.
What that couplet doesn’t convey, however, about graying, loving couples, is that for one of the parties, the worst is yet to be also.
It turns out that Browning wrote the poem on a more metaphysical theme and about the philosophy of Rabbi Abraham ibn Ezra (1092-1167). It was published in 1864, not to Elizabeth, but three years after her death in 1861.
Robert and Elizabeth did not really grow old together. They were married 17 years when she died at 55, a little less time than Cynthia and I were together permanently. Browning lived another 28 years without her, until his death in 1889.
As I have written recently, I am very proud of the media these days. They are performing heroically in very difficult but important times. There is little about them of which to complain. Little, but not none.
After the National Press Club Dinner, the whole point of which is to celebrate freedom of speech and the press, many Press Club members were critical, again, of their invited guest comedian – Michelle Wolf – for telling jokes about them. I didn’t watch the dinner, but I went back and listened to Wolf’s roast. It was overall wicked funny stuff, and like all good comedy, contained a lot of truth.
Among the funniest bits to me was when, sensing her audience squirming, Wolf said, “You should have done a lot more research before you got me to do this.”
By the way, I have watched a few of those press briefings and the press’ questions are often as lame as the answers are offensive lies.
I think the press club would be better off doing without a professional comedian speaker. Keep the dinner serious and on point. The fact is, the press doesn’t seem to have a sense of humor, and can’t seem to take a joke, even a good one, about themselves. Reminds me of Trump.
I’m pretty proud of the Fourth Estate these days. The media is taking its responsibility seriously. The newspaper war between the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times for scoops about the Trump administration is absolutely thrilling. It’s amazing how many reporters each paper has put on the beat, and it is paying off with great stories and increased circulation, which translates directly to advertising revenues.
That said, the media’s treatment of one story went off the rails in a way that, except for being serious, was rather funny. When President Trump displayed his racism and xenophobia by referring to Haiti, and African countries broadly as “shithole countries,” the media stumbled all over itself about how to handle Trump’s comment. Shit is one of the seven words you are not supposed to say on television.
With a nod to Bill Maher, New Rule: when a word is used in a quote, use the quote. Don’t try to soften it. That’s not only too politically correct, but it distorts the intended emphasis and sounds silly. This is especially true for the President, whose words, for better or worse, speak officially for the government.
An elegy is a lament for the dead, technically in the form of a poem. Vance, a self-described hillbilly, doesn’t say they are dead, but he suggests they are doomed, economically at least, by their own hand absent significant changes.
I wasn’t expecting this last one at all. I thought these to be people who want to work, but just can’t find jobs. Vance says hillbillies may say they want a job, but don’t really, and even if they do, they are unwilling to do what is required to get and hold one. In other words, they’re almost unemployable.
As a result, the hillbilly population is rife with unemployment, poverty, ignorance, broken homes, drug addiction and violence out of proportion to other populations. Although Hillary was stupid to say it, these are deplorable people.
To make his case, Vance serves up his own family as typical of the breed. His father came and went; his mother, a slut and hopeless drug addict, ran through “husbands” at such a pace that Vance had difficulty keeping up with their first names, as well as his own last one. His maternal grandparents were uneducated, violent, vulgar and profane, but at least they loved him. He credits them for saving him from a hillbilly’s fate.
Most of Vance’s family members have killed someone, or tried to, including in the case of his grandparents, each other. Vance’s uncle thinks of the family as normal, but admits, “They go from zero to murderous in a fucking heartbeat.”
During the migration, Vance’s grandparents moved to Middletown, Ohio along with so many others from his home state that it was called “Middletucky.” The grandparents moved not for economic opportunity, but to avoid an underage pregnancy scandal and certain honor killing.
The migrating hillbillies were able at first to find good paying jobs that didn’t require much education, and the work became progressively easier as manufacturing technology advanced. A significant economic spread developed between the income and opportunities of those who left Appalachia and those who stayed behind, but the culture remains the same in both places.
Inevitably, things reached a tipping point when manufacturing technology advanced to the point very little labor was needed in the plants, and the work could be done in other countries with similar labor skills at much lower labor cost. The jobs disappeared, and both the Appalachian hillbillies and the transplanted ones are back in the same boat, as unprepared to compete as ever. Vance calls them “relics of American industrial glory.”
The bleak history of Appalachia is pretty well understood, but the migration story was new to me. Put together, they explain how Trump voters came to be and how they came to be where they could nudge the election to Trump, though Vance opines that “Hillbilly” describes much of America’s white middle class today.
Interestingly, Vance goes easy on hillbillies on the Obama-racism issue. He says hillbillies didn’t hate him because he is black, but because they knew that he is simply above them. They knew he had done it right.”
Hillbillies bought into Donald Trump and vulgar rhetoric and impossible conspiracies because they are simply not able to compete and resistant to becoming so, and they have to blame others for this.
Vance believes about hillbillies that “you can’t believe these things [conspiracy theories] and participate meaningfully in society,” but hillbillies did participate meaningfully, at least to the extent that they showed up and voted overwhelmingly for Trump. It’s those who stayed home who failed the citizenship test. Sadly, hillbillies picked precisely the wrong man to address their problems. So, maybe Vance is right about the “meaningfully” part. Hillbillies aren’t going to participate in any meaningful way economically any time soon.
Vance is surely right that there is no magic solution, no single government program to rescue this group from its status. It will take many approaches, a long time and a lot of money. But education would be a good place to start.
It was first said (circa 1665-68) by Francois de la Rochefoucauld that “Neither the sun nor death can be looked at directly.” Well, two fine writers have taken a crack at it recently, from very different viewpoints, and with very different styles, but each with credible results.
Consider the credentials of this 36-year-old writer: BA and MA in English Literature from Stanford; M-Phil (Master of Philosophy) in History of Science and Medicine, from Cambridge; Graduate, cum laude, from Yale Medical School; Senior Resident at Stanford Medical School. Would you consider this man capable of writing a meaningful book about clinical death? I certainly would.
Oh, and he has one more qualification: 14 days before becoming a Professor of Neuroscience at Stanford, he was observing a scan of a patient with Stage-4 lung cancer (read terminal). About which he writes, “This scan was different; it was my own.”
Such was the fate of Paul Kalanithi, a man of extraordinary intelligence with a sky’s- the-limit career before him, whose life hanged in an instant and whose death was foretold and near. His life – its length, scope and purpose had to be re-considered.
Paul planned to write a book, someday, after a distinguished career in medicine. Now the 30 or more years between his imminent graduation and far-in-the future plans are gone. He skips far ahead to book writing, but first he has cancer to deal with as best as is possible. (Note: I use Paul’s first name in this review because with all he revealed about himself to me in this book, it feels only right.)
Paul takes us through the details of his consultations, tests, treatments and results. Others have done similar recording and reporting before, though few have such professional insight or writing skills. And he adds something more. Common or rare among surgeons, I don’t know, but Paul gave a lot of thought to what it means and takes to lead a meaningful life. Ultimately, Paul came to a rather common conclusion – friends and family – which he calls, being a scientist/philosopher, “relationality.” But his thinking processes, intertwined with the events of his medical adventure, make meaningful reading.
Among the first decisions: his wife Lucy and he decided to have a baby, via in vitro fertilization, which is by now, we must infer, was all he was up to, to create a for comfort for Lucy when he is gone, and for himself if he lives long enough.
Thereafter, Paul’s life is simply a matter of living it out and recording it for us. When treatments permit, he works as long as he can as a surgeon – and then spends his remaining time with his wife, and, yes, with his new baby daughter, Elizabeth Acadia (Cady). Paul died with eight-month old Cady in his arms.
You should read this book, but there is a caveat. The New York Times reviewer wrote that “Finishing this book and then forgetting about it is simply not an option,” and I think he’s right.
Having heaped all that praise on When Breath Becomes Air, you may be surprised to read that I saved my favorite of the two books for last. Michael Kinsley is one of my very favorite writers, almost an idol to me, actually. His thinking is insightful, even on subjects you might think have been completely well worn. What’s more, his work, regardless of topic, is humorous.
Kinsley’s short book is as poignant as Paul’s; more insightful about death in some ways; definitely more practical about the meaningful life and how to live it; plus it is wicked funny, in both meanings of the term, which makes death a little easier to look at directly, but leaves no doubt about its ultimate result.
Boomers are characterized by being especially ambitious and competitive, but while Kinsley thinks Boomers get a bad rap, he also acknowledges that there is some truth to this, particularly when compared to the sacrifices made by the previous, “Greatest Generation,” which won World War II and saved the world.
It turns out that Parkinson’s doesn’t kill that many people, though it did kill my father. Most people who get it do so later in life and usually die of something else before Parkinson’s gets them. But the diagnosis, Kinsley writes, “…is a pretty valuable warning shot from the Grim Reaper.”
This is not the case, Kinsley reminds his fellow Boomers, for old age. As for that, “We don’t need any tests. We can give you that diagnosis right now. You’ve got it, it’s progressive and (unlike Parkinson’s) it’s invariably fatal.”
Kinsley discusses the pros and cons of a number of ways to measure the value of lives in the competitive spirit of Boomers: material success (The one who dies with the most toys wins); longevity; cognition; finally settling on reputation, though only of a certain kind. (He has some fascinating ideas about reputation versus fame and celebrity.)
Fortunately, Kinsley tells us how to do this. If you want a good reputation, he says, “be good. And you better get started now, because after your dead, it’s too late.”
But, hey, paying off the debt would lift an enormous drag on our economy, and on the prospects of all those yet to come, and who by definition had nothing to do with creating it. Though I’m not technically a Baby Boomer – I was born a few years too early – I’m willing to chip in. How about you, young-uns?
In an interview about his new book, David McCullough opined that Wilbur Wright was “certainly a genius,” and that Orville Wright had “mechanical ingenuity as few people had ever seen.“ Read this book, which I recommend of all McCullough’s books, and you will see that he was right on both counts.
At the turn of the 20th Century, few people thought man would ever be able to fly. In fact, most people were certain we would not. There were hot air balloons, of course (Ben Franklin rode in one in France) and some gliders, but neither was hardly the same thing. (The first and best glider engineer – Otto Lilienthal – died in a crash in his own invention, but left behind some observations about flight that the brothers studied.)
Having achieved true flight – heavier than air, controlled, power driven, with a pilot – in the isolation of Kitty Hawk, with only a few locals and their own still camera to witness, the word of their achievement got out slowly, and with more skepticism than they expected. The brothers returned to Dayton and put one some exhibitions, and the news began to circulate more broadly.
There were still more skeptics and doubters than fans. The War Department, having sunk a lot of money into Langley’s spectacular, public failures, had no interest in the Wright’s claims or their machine. The two small town boys had to go to Europe for recognition (Wilbur stayed in Paris for more than a year on his first trip, yet never learned French. His sister visited him and in four months became his interpreter. Remarkable family.) In France, England and Germany, the news got the adulation it deserved.

Each entry has been recategorized to simplify and clarify the forms of conflict. The earlier classification system listed six categories; the new one lists three. Some entries involve more than one form of conflict.
“Control of Water Resources” (state and non-state actors) where water supplies or access to water is at the root of tensions.
“Military Tool” (state actors): where water resources, or water systems themselves, are used by a nation or state as a weapon during a military action.
“Military Target” (state actors): where water resource systems are targets of military actions by nations or states.
“Development Disputes” (state and non-state actors): where water resources or water systems are a major source of contention and dispute in the context of economic and social development.
Previous versions of the Water and Conflict Chronology categorized each entry as violent (“Yes”) or non-violent (“No”). For the 2018 update, we removed this category completely and instead, updated the criteria for including items in the Chronology.
Items are included when there is violence (causing injuries or deaths) or threats of violence (including verbal threats, military maneuvers, and shows of force). We do not include instances of unintentional or incidental adverse impacts on populations or communities that occur associated with water management decisions, such as populations displaced by dam construction or impacts of extreme events such as flooding or droughts. Based on this new definition, some previous entries have been removed.
Date of the most recent download: 2/6/2018
Other sources that have yet to be investigated for potential water-related conflict entries include:
“There are few books that can genuinely be described as indispensable. This is one…essential reading.”
“The series continues to be an invaluable collection of all kinds of water-related materials, ranging from concise stand-alone chapters on important topics to numerous sections of data.”

I'm game, let me know what other site you start up. I will go there.
Cause perhaps the best would be to make it work with SuiteCRM which is very powerful and free
So far it seems there are a few:
Everyone, how do we push forward?
As far as I know there is no other "provde contact, get points and use those points to get another contact" -kind of system. If you find one, please share with us.
As far as opt-in .... data.com does provide a way for someone to go and block their contact information, this of course should be part of the new platform.
I would be open to any suggestions to use after May 2019, or be willing to toss in my connections for a new user platform.
I haven't used Data.com heavily in awhile - the site wasn't updated and simple feature requests were ignored. For a long time I've just been updating the retirees at the companies I work with. If you made something new, I would suggest having some sort of cycle for the age of contacts - say, two years old and someone needs to verify they are still there.
Here would be my wish list for a new system:
-Something that can help proofread automatically. There are SO many Data.com contacts and companies where there are weird capitalizations, common misspellings, and other very simple errors that should be easy to catch with automation.
-A way to account for credentials. There are some weird names in the Data.com system because a contact's credentials are mixed in with their name.
Good luck to those of you trying to make a new system! The ones I've used that are freebies like ZoomInfo I've found are much less reliable than Jigsaw ever was.
Oh my gosh, this is so sad...I would not be able to do my job without Data.com. Thank you for your service over the years. I am having problems today though, is the service down
@AcridVan40 could you specify what issue you're having with the site today? Please post your issue in the area of our site dedicated to support-related questions: Ask the Experts
Very sad to hear this. The biggest sale of my career came through a contact in jigsaw (data.com). Have to search for an alternative.
@ScuroLupo Count me in, and I am sure also OnlyEssay11 and tbragg and couple of others above would like to hear from you. My first question is .... how do we hook up ? We only know each others usernames here.
@tbragg Awesome, great to know you're interested. I think the old interface was great. Clean, mostly open space and text, nothing really frilly. The system I've already started working on is using php with the codeigniter framework. I'm not 100% that this will be robust and secure enough for this type of system, but I figure we can determine that after. I think you're right though, get something generally working, then innovate after. I'll message you on here when things are generally set up on my server.
@ScuroLupo I don't have the technical background to help on that front but am happy to pitch in if you need any assistance on the UX side or any other way I can. Dan
I am alarmed at the announcement that Jigsaw is closing. I have been here since the beginning.Hopefully someone will come up with an affordable alternative. Please post that info here when that happens.
I have no idea how others heard of this months ago and I just learned now- I am disappointed
Please keep me in the loop and I will do the same
Basically the idea to terminate Data.com might as well be one to tell anyone minority that you are not good enough with your interaction via Data.com to go forward. Instead, you have to look like the imbalances at the Ivy League educated, they get access to Rolls Royce - SalesForce data sets with their fat checkbooks.
Which will it be? Villian for the masses with only one single kiss up to big corporate or hero to those in the trenches trying to work and survive with status that hurts more than helps, so unequal!
Reading this message causes me quite a bit of distress. Considering I am sitting on 162,782 points in my account at this time, the value of loss is not slight with this decision. What will Salesforce/Data.com be doing to compensate people that have large point values with a quantifiable loss of service if they do depricate the service? Please email me or call me with some follow up. Given the value in this regard, I would like to understand more.
@JSatGS, it is my understanding there is no compensation except that Connect gave users more than 12 months notice they were winding down Connect giving users 12+ months to use all their points. Sadly, after May 2019, the site will disappear and any unused points will be forfeited/worthless... I will miss Connect too..
@tbragg, @AAUSA7, @HabsFan18, great to see your interest in assisting with my project. My apologies to you guys, as well as everyone else for my delays. The storms going on right now are reeking havoc on my electricity and internet. Anyways, my standings at this point are that I'm still setting things up, but I'm almost there. Should have things ready for working this week depending on the weather/utilities/internet, etc.
Everyone interested in helping, or at least in being notified when the system is available for use, just keep in touch with me. I intend on putting a signup list online for individuals and companies that are not interested in helping with the build, but would like to be notified when it goes live.
Please no one EVER give you login details to anyone else....I believe it is also against the terms of use to ask.
Now again, this is not at all to say that the issues you've raised and others have raised, it is most certainly something that needs to be addressed and will be. However, in my opinion after doing this stuff professionally for nearly 20 years, thet t are issues that are relatively easy to resolve.
I will miss this platform, i used it quite often to supplement my role. In my experience with "retirment" there is usually a party involved, and a replacement.........Hopefully this means that something else will be available down the road.
I'm interested in the rebuilding process! I was just about to start using data.com when it went bust, it looks like.
Can you please add me to your efforts, and I'll help in any way I can. Thanks!
I'm interested in the rebuilding process too. Can you add me to your impending efforts.
The point here is that Jigsaw was a good platform before Salesforce bought it. Since then, it’s gone steadily downhill. The quality of the contacts in the database have been in steep decline. Apparently, the product lost its grass-roots appeal and many users felt that by updating the database with new names meant they were helping Salesforce to monetize the product (this is a bit like contributing to a fund to help save Google).
Apparently, Salesforce figured out that they can’t monetize Data.com to their satisfaction and are discontinuing it. It’s a shame because Jigsaw was a really good product before Salesforce got its paws on it. This debacle could be used in business school as a case study to illustrate the destructive powers of acquisitions.
The point here is that Jigsaw was a good platform before Salesforce bought it. Since then, it’s gone steadily downhill. The quality of the contacts in the database has been in steep decline. Apparently, the product lost its grass-roots appeal and many users felt that by updating the database with new names meant they were helping Salesforce to monetize the product (this is a bit like contributing to a fund to help save Google).
I know if they did this I would not (like others in above) would not look for alternative sites to buy contacts.
I am also game to help build another site if anyone is ready to take on the challenge. Feel free to reach out to me.
@ScuroLupo How do I PM you ? How do we hook up ?
@ScuroLupo I'm also intersted in migrating to the new environment you mentioned. I've a good Rainmarker at 97%. Please let me know how to PM you.
Frankly, I feel cheated. I've contributed/improved something like 1,500 contacts over the years and have a balance of 6,000 points which will soon be worthless, as will the effort I put into maintaining the database. I'm sure SalesForce will find a way to monetize my efforts without providing me any value for my years of contributions. My organization uses SalesForce with something like 50 seats. Not sure how long that will last, now. I'm just **bleep**.

Memories are transferred from one snail to another in a laboratory.
What if the secret to eternal bliss is a brain implant? It might sound like Black Mirror, yet scientists are working on tech that may one day take us there.
Researchers have successfully grown premature lambs in an artificial womb – ScienceAlertThe technology could be used on humans in 3-5 years.
New computers could delete thoughts without your knowledge, experts warn _ The Independent“Thou canst not touch the freedom of my mind,” wrote the playwright John Milton in 1634. But, nearly 400 years later, technological advances in machines that can read our thoughts mean the privacy of our brain is under threat. Now two biomedical ethicists are calling for the creation of new human rights laws to ensure people are protected, including “the right to cognitive liberty” and “the right to mental integrity”.
China’s New “Social Credit Score” Brings Dystopian Science Fiction to LifeThe dystopian state is closer than you think—China’s new “social credit score” is every Orwellian paranoiac’s worst nightmare come true. But the technology, like it or not, is well on its way to implementation. The only question is—how will it change our lives?
WWF Report: Two-Thirds of Wildlife Will Disappear By 2020The World Wildlife Fund is projecting the further decline of the planet’s biodiversity by a staggering 67% by 2020. While this is shocking, all hope is not lost. With initiatives like the Paris Climate Agreement, humanity is showing a willingness to reverse course.
Scientists Target 2026 As The Year of The First Synthetic GenomeA human genome contains 3 billion base pairs, one project is seeking to write a complete human genome, besting current efforts able to produce 1 million pairs. The researchers are looking to the future in hopes that their work will spur even further growth in science and technology.
Experts State Robots Will Take Over Additional 850,000 Jobs By 2030850,000 public sector jobs in the UK are at risk of being lost by 2030 due to automation, and more than 1.3 million administrative jobs in the public sector have a 77% probability of being automated. This is good news for fiscal policy makers who wish to cut costs – the government can save up to £12 billion in public sector wages by 2030.
An AI Was Taught to Hunt and Kill Humans In Video Games: Here’s Why This MattersProgrammers have developed an artificial intelligence that can play the video game Doom, and do so very well. Although it’s just a game, this raises questions about AI governance. How can it become more informed, integrated, effective, and anticipatory?
The Brave New World of Robots and Lost Jobs _ RealClearPoliticsWASHINGTON — Job insecurity is a central theme of the 2016 campaign, fueling popular anger about trade deals and immigration. But economists warn that much bigger job losses are ahead in America –…
Europe’s robots to become ‘electronic persons’ under draft plan _ ReutersEurope’s growing army of robot workers could be classed as “electronic persons” and their owners liable to paying social security for them if the European Union adopts a draft plan to address the realities of a new industrial revolution.
In Search For Cures, Scientists Create Embryos That Are Both Animal And Human : Researchers experimenting with chimeric embryos say they could develop into adult pigs, sheep or cows with human organs that one day might be suitable for transplantation in people.
Universal Basic Income: The Answer to Automation? 57% of the world’s jobs are at risk of being automated. Universal Basic Income may be our only way out. Here’s why.
Reports Reveal Millions of Jobs are Threatened by Automation: Does This Spell Doom?Automation is taking over numerous jobs. How can you make sure you aren’t replaced with a robot?

We meet as a group every Sunday during the school year from 5:00 - 6:45PM. We also have annual opportunities to attend youth conferences, camping trips, service projects, and other social outings.
The high school group is open to all teenagers from the ninth through twelfth grades and meets every Sunday during the school year from 5:00-6:45 PM in the Parish Hall to pray, grow in our faith, and come closer as the Body of Christ.
“PACK is a place where young people can get together to discuss important topics such as how our faith interacts with politics and other modern issues and to bond together as young Catholics."
My name is Chris Holcomb, and, as most of you know, I am the youth minister here at Little Flower. A member of the parish for thirty years, I would never have guessed as a child that I would be working at my beloved parish as an adult.
My goal as a youth minister is to bring the young people of Myrtle Grove closer to Christ by providing a variety of experiences for them to engage in prayer, worship, and service.
It is also very important that they have opportunities to grow closer together as a community. Some of my closest friends are those I made during my time as a child and teenager at Little Flower Parish, and I hope to give today’s youth the same opportunities for lifelong friendship and enduring faith.
During the summer, PACK members assist with Vacation Bible School, attend the Steubenville Conference in Atlanta, and gather for service projects and other fun activities such as bowling, water park trips, and more!
Who can be a part of the high school youth group?
The high school group is open to all teenagers from the ninth through twelfth grades and we meet every Sunday during the school year from 5:00-6:45 PM in the Parish Hall to pray, grow in our faith, and come closer as the Body of Christ.​
Who can be a part of the middle school youth group?
The middle group is open to all middle school students, 6th through 8th grade, and we meet on Wednesdays once a month from 6:00-7:15 PM in the Parish Hall.

Our current situation: Even adjusted for inflation, the new 520 bridge is costing 20 times what the original bridge cost. Additionally, the $250 million project budget reserve was spent and an additional $170 million had to be added to the budget to fix a faulty pontoon design. Washington State also spent about $200 million on preparation and design of new Columbia River bridge into Portland without any construction actually occurring.
A cumbersome and time consuming permitting process, excessive environmental mitigation requiring up to 16% of project costs, a state prevailing wage that is nowhere near the actual prevailing wage, a sales tax on transportation projects that diverts transportation dollars into the general fund and expensive add-ons like decorative sound walls and bike lanes all drive up construction costs. By some estimates, we may be paying up to double what other states pay for similar transportation projects. So the public has no confidence that transportation dollars will be efficiently used.
Our families need a cost effective transportation system that gets them and their families where they need to go and confidence that their tax dollars are being spent wisely.
My solution: When the I-5 bridge over the Skagit River collapsed, it was rebuilt quickly, on time and on budget and the fish didn’t die. This shows that we can build projects economically and efficiently if we commit to the reforms necessary. But with unsustainable, overpriced spending, talk of improving efficiency will not get us to the big reforms we need to move forward.
Our current situation: The new tolling scheme on the northern part of I-405, including requiring a Good-to-Go Pass to carpool and three-person car pools has resulted in more congestion on portions of the general purpose lanes, less carpooling and general discontent.
My solution: Our transportation philosophy needs to move away from focusing on movement of the HOV and HOT lanes and trying to get people out of their cars, and put more emphasis on the general purpose lanes, where the majority of drivers are. Alleviating traffic congestion needs to be added as a top priority of our transportation policy.
My solution: The House Republicans have several bills to reform our transportation system to reduce those costs. If the majority party in the House changes in November, these bills need to be reintroduced.
My solution: I sponsored legislation to make the board of Sound Transit elected rather than appointed. While the current board members may be making their best efforts, they were elected to other positions where their primary focus must be directed. Having elected board members will empower citizens to feel better represented on this issue.

All vessels are defined by their shape which means these curves do make awkward spaces to make structures to fit, for example bulkheads. It is necessary to make a bulkhead which fits perfectly against the hull for structural integrity, water tightness etc.
Usually this process is not easy, and happens in a confined space with other structures about you. The hull side may not be a uniform curve or have beam shelves for the bulkhead to be fitted to. So it is a complex shape with limited space and a high degree of accuracy is required.
There are two common ways to achieve this; firstly, using patterning sticks and a glue gun to make a physical pattern ,and secondly using a flag and a spile stick to capture this shape. Chris Rees will show the second method on a bulkhead in Grayhound.
The process is demonstrated in the accompanying video clips with a step-by-step guide. The conversation with the boat builder, in this case, Chris Rees is unscripted and covers the technique from his experience.
Take the pattern material ('the flag') and fix it next to the section which requires capturing (use screws, nails or a clamp). The flag does not have to be shaped, it just needs to fit in the space in a suitable way.
After all the points have been transferred to the stock, they can be joined up with a ruler or if curved with a suitable batten to recreate the shape.
This approach to pattern making is low tech, but it works and has passed the test of time.
Screw driver (not used in this example)
Level (not used in this example)
Square (not used in this example)
Tape measure (not used in this example)

Orphan drugs, orphan diseases. The first decade of orphan drug legislation in the EU.
Compassionate use of orphan drugs.
The psychosocial well-being of orphans in Southern Africa: the perception of orphans and teachers
The study sample comprised 134 children (61 non-orphans, 73 orphans; mean age = 14.64, SD = 1.85) from the Amajuba district in KwaZulu-Natal. Orphans were no worse off in terms of anxiety/depression (p = 0.65), affability (p = 0.11) and resilience (p = 0.29) in comparison to non-orphans in similar type households.
An in-depth study of the orphans' lives, undertaken to complement the census, revealed that these orphans were highly mobile between households, with almost 50% of them moving homes within a six-month period. An analysis of this phenomenon found that orphan mobility was a deliberate household strategy to manageÂ ...
Hereditary Angioedema: The Economics of Treatment of an Orphan Disease.
The effects of orphaning on adolescents girls are well documented in literature. Adolescents orphaned by AIDS have particular vulnerabilities to a range of mental health difficulties and with that they face specific challenges that include stigma and discrimination, poverty, school drop-out and sexual and labour exploitation.
Despite an increasing awareness of the potential of "orphan" or unimproved crops to contribute to food security and enhanced livelihoods for farmers, coordinated research agendas to facilitate production and use of orphan crops by local communities are generally lacking. We provide an overview of
becoming more widespread in response to the emerging orphan crisis. Orphans themselves are in a diffi cult position, having to contend with conditions that are fi nancially, socially and emotionally dislocating, and experiencing hunger, homelessness, forced migration, limited or no access to healthcare and social services,Â ...
Orphan drugs assessment in the centralised procedure.
Access to orphan drugs in Europe: current and future issues.
... drug and biologics manufacturers, including tax credits for costs of clinical research, government grant funding, assistance for clinical research, and a seven-year period of exclusive marketing given to the first sponsor of an orphan- ...
Despite an increasing awareness of the potential of "orphan" or unimproved crops to contribute to food security and enhanced livelihoods for farmers, coordinated research agendas to facilitate production and use of orphan crops by local communities are generally lacking. We provide an overview of the current knowledge on leafy vegetables with a focus on Gynandropsis gynandra, a highly nutritious species used in Africa and Asia, and highlight general and species-specific guidelines for partici...
Orphan drugs: trends and issues in drug development.
Priority setting for orphan drugs: an international comparison.
Little is known about the health and nutrition of those HIV/AIDS orphans and inconsistent findings make it difficult to assess if orphans and other vulnerable children have specific nutritional needs. This study investigated nutritional status HIV/AIDS orphans in Sagamu. The study population consisted of fifty seronegativeÂ ...
The socio-demographic factors of children orphaned by aids in ...
Orphan drugs expenditure in the Netherlands in the period 2006-2012
Incentives for orphan drug research and development in the United States.
Methods: A total of 1850 youth from 20 schools in 3 urban and 2 rural school districts in South-western Nigeria had the self-administered instruments: Global School Health Questionnaire to assess reproductive and other health indices and the Culture Free Self Esteem Inventory. Results: The overall prevalence of orphansÂ ...
Oct 6, 2010 ... It is not surprising that many of the orphan crops, in particular the protein-packed pulse ... diet in India, for example, accompanying almost every Indian meal. ... Canada's niche is high-quality pulses that we sell to the emergingÂ ...
Challenges in the clinical development of orphan drugs
Rare diseases are characterised by a low prevalence. There are so many different rare diseases, that millions of people are affected.The vast majority of these diseases suffer from a lack of approved treatment options and orphan drugs (ODs) therefore represent a huge unmet medical need. ODs face
Empowering caregivers of orphans and vulnerable children in ...
A comparison of orphan data between 2010 and 2014 shows a slight ... The training included the use of mobile technology to report weekly ... health, psychosocial support, protection, education, and ... Data were collected on members' demographic, socio-economic status, ... mobile technology platform for data collection.
The extent of community and public support available to families caring for orphans in Malawi.
Pricing and reimbursement of orphan drugs: the need for more transparency
Pricing and reimbursement of orphan drugs: the need for more transparency.
Civic engagement among orphans and non-orphans in five low- and middle-income countries.
Cultural practices and sexual risk behaviour among adolescent orphans and non-orphans: a qualitative study on perceptions from a community in Western Kenya.
Insurance companies' perspectives on the orphan drug pipeline.
Access to Orphan Drugs: A Comprehensive Review of Legislations, Regulations and Policies in 35 Countries
Access to Orphan Drugs: A Comprehensive Review of Legislations, Regulations and Policies in 35 Countries.
The impact of the Orphan Drug Act on drug discovery.
The availability and affordability of orphan drugs for rare diseases in China.
Affordable orphan drugs: a role for not-for-profit organizations.
The current status of orphan drug development in Europe and the US
Estimating the budget impact of orphan medicines in Europe: 2010 - 2020
The use of drawings to facilitate interviews with orphaned children in ...
children orphaned as a result of AIDS also need to cope with the stigma of, ... with the help of the teachers, used purposive sampling â€“ carried out in two ... Researchers (Creswell, 2002; Denzin & Lincoln, 2000) recommend that before seeking ..... of the orphaned children who offered to share their stories had a positive self-.
Psychosocial Support for Children Orphaned by HIV/AIDS in Zimbabwe
Healthy psychosocial development during childhood is a key determinant to the future well-being of all individuals. In many areas of Africa, demand for psychosocial support continues to grow in response to the increasing number of children left orphaned as a result of the HIV/AIDS pandemic. These orphans face various challenges and yet, in mostâ€¦
Background: By 2008, 12 million children in sub-Saharan Africa were orphaned by AIDS. Cross-sectional studies show psychological problems for AIDS-orphaned children, but until now no longitudinal study has explored enduring psychological effects of AIDS-orphanhood in the developing world. Methods: A 4-year longitudinal follow-up of AIDS-orphanedâ€¦
In early modern times orphans have been children who could not expect sufficient support from their family because of lack of at least one parent, in most cases the father. This article will clarify of whom we are talking if we talk about orphans and what have been the conditions of living in a society which was organised by a high variety ofâ€¦
Background and Objective: Orphan drugs have been a highlight of discussions due to their higher prices than non-orphan drugs. There is currently no European consensus on the method of value assessment for orphan drugs. This study assessed the relationship between the prevalence of rare diseases and
A study of descriptive data for orphans and non-orphans on key criteria of economic vulnerability in two municipalities in South Africa
Health of adults caring for orphaned children in an HIV-endemic community in South Africa.
The current status of orphan drug development in Europe and the US.
Regional cooperation to reduce the safety and security risks of Orphan radioactive sources
Budget impact analysis of drugs for ultra-orphan non-oncological diseases in Europe.
A review of international coverage and pricing strategies for personalized medicine and orphan drugs.
Nutritional status, psychological well-being and the quality of life of AIDS orphans in rural Henan Province, China.
Cellular and molecular biology of orphan G protein-coupled receptors.
National strategies for improving control over orphan sources of ionising radiation
Resource needs to support orphans and vulnerable children in sub-Saharan Africa.
Therapies for inborn errors of metabolism: what has the orphan drug act delivered?
Perceived social support and the psychological well-being of AIDS orphans in urban Kenya.
Psychosocial support and parents' social life determine the self-esteem of orphan children.
The psychological well-being of children orphaned by AIDS in Cape Town, South Africa
Willingness to care for children orphaned by HIV/AIDS: a study of ...
The present study explores adoptive and foster parents' (n = 175) willingness to care for a child orphaned by HIV/AIDS. Although some differences were noted depending on the HIV status of the child and whether the respondent was an adoptive or foster parent, results indicate an overall willingness in these populations toÂ ...
A one-year follow-up study of children who had lost both parents and were placed in orphanages (n=19) or foster homes (n=18) in Iraqi Kurdistan investigated the orphans' situation and development. The children in orphanages were found to have higher frequency of post-traumatic stress disorder than the foster care children. (Author/CR)
determine their needs. In this study an orphan is a child of under 18 who has lost one or both ... The psychological trauma experienced by the children ..... no one to take the children to the clinic/hospital, and because of a lack of funds for medicine: 'I feel sick, I ..... Adolescent resilience: A framework for understanding healthy.
Introduction: Orphans like other vulnerable children face a number of challenges including limited or no access to basic health care including oral health care, which is one of their unmet health care needs. Neglected oral health care is associated with the development and progression of periodontal diseases among others.
Review The mental health of children orphaned by AIDS: a review of ...
Psychosocial Support for Orphans and Vulnerable Children in Public Primary Schools: Challenges and Intervention Strategies
Much has been written about orphans and vulnerable children (OVC) with regard to their education and living. However, relatively few studies have documented the psychosocial support provided for OVC in public primary schools to enhance their psychosocial well-being. This study therefore contributes to the understanding of the challengesâ€¦
The influence of the European paediatric regulation on marketing authorisation of orphan drugs for children
Clinical evidence for orphan medicinal products-a cause for concern?
Making Good on a Promise: The Education of Civil War Orphans in Pennsylvania, 1863-1893
During and after the American Civil War, individual state governments, faced with numerous economic demands, struggled to meet the needs of soldiers and their families. Among other pressing questions, they had to decide what to do with the massive number of dependent children orphaned by the war. In order to protect children, it became moreâ€¦
BACKGROUND: Drug development for rare diseases is challenging, especially when these orphan drugs (OD) are intended for children. In 2007 the EU Paediatric Drug Regulation was enacted to improve the development of high quality and ethically researched medicines for children through the establishment
Education and nutritional status of orphans and children of HIV-infected parents in Kenya.
Emotional well-being of orphans and vulnerable children in Ogun ...
Previous research has found strong links between the emotional well-being of children and young people to their personal, social development and academic performance. This study examined stigmatisation, sexual involvement and school enrolment as predictors of emotional well-being of orphans and vulnerableÂ ...
Stigma, marginalization and psychosocial well-being of orphans in Rwanda: exploring the mediation role of social support.

Once you click on “System Information”, you will be redirected to the following page as mentioned below.
Click on “Get System Information” button to get your system status.
Get System Information : Click on this button to get your System Configuration Information.
Following information will be displayed on the page.
Active Plugin Information : Here you can see the information about currently activated Plugin.

” ‘Cause I was with him when they came for him. We was in the linen room,” she said.
“Yes, sir?” she said, her voice hardly audible.
“I found a hiding place,” he said.
The ceiling consisted of large rectangular panels set in a framework of metal strips, and the corner of the panel above the picture had lifted slightly.
“How far can you crawl in the ceiling?”
Lyra saw it not as a hiding place but as a highway. It was the best thing she’d heard since she’d arrived. But before they could talk any more, a doctor banged on a table with a spoon and began to speak.
“Ah, we’re making different measurements today. Stand on the metal plate – oh, slip your shoes off first. Hold your daemon, if you like. Look forward, that’s it, stare at the little green light. Good girl…”
“What are you measuring?” she said. “Is it Dust?”
She was sure by now that they weren’t going to perform the operation on her yet, and sure too that her disguise as Lizzie Brooks was secure; so she risked a question.
Presently the doctor came back and they went on with the examination, weighing her and Pantalaimon separately, looking at her from behind a special screen, measuring her heartbeat, placing her under a little nozzle that hissed and gave off a smell like fresh air.
“But all their outdoor clothes are down in the dormitory building, Doctor. She can’t go outside like this. Should we go there first, do you think?”
“When I came yesterday,” Lyra said helpfully, “Sister Clara put my other clothes in a cupboard in that first room where she looked at me. The one next door. I could wear them.”
“See?” one adult was saying. “It’s worth doing this to find out what chaos we’d be in with a real fire.”
“What we looking for?” said Billy.
“Greetings, Lyra,” he said. “I followed you here, though you didn’t see me. I have been waiting for you to come out into the open. What is happening?”
“I can open it,” said the goose, and beat his wings once or twice, throwing snow up against the door; and as he did, Lyra heard something turn in the lock.
“Go in carefully,” said the daemon.
“I want to let these poor things go!” she said fiercely. “I’m going to smash the glass and let ’em out – “
And she looked around for something to do it with, but the place was bare. The goose daemon said, “Wait.”
He was a witch’s daemon, and much older than she was, and stronger. She had to do as he said.
They stumbled away to join Billy, who was beckoning from the corner of the main building. The children were tired now, or else the adults had regained some authority, because people were lining up raggedly by the main door, with much jostling and pushing. Lyra and the other two slipped out from the corner and mingled with them, but before they did, Lyra said:
“The fire bell,” said Lyra. “When the time comes, I’ll set it off.”

Finally, GetFunded.com posted their first project and I figured what the hell, why not throw a few bucks at it so I can walk CrashCloud readers through the process. As a plus, my measily $5 is the first contribution or pledge the GetFunded.com crowdfunding site has received; this must warrant a pat on the back or gloating rights in social circles.
I absolutely do not understand the point of this app, but maybe that’s because I’m a guy? Maybe this is a digital diary of sorts. I’ll probably never know but at least I’m only out 5 bucks.
Moving along, below are the steps I followed to make my pledge.
First, take a look at the home page and open a project funding request. You will see the funding request has generic information such as a description, requester’s video, timeline, number of funders, and the amount pledged vs. goal.
To make a pledge, you will need to setup a GetFunded.com account (username and password). You also have the option to login with Facebook which will automatically setup your GetFunded.com user profile.
After your profile is setup, you will be directed to the Amazon Payments page. If you do not already have an Amazon Payments account, you can quickly create one.
Now you will assign a credit or debit card to your Amazon Payments account which will allow you to make your crowdfunding contribution.
Once you commit to the crowdfunding pledge, you will be redirected to a congratulatory page.
Lastly, you will immediately see your contribution reflected in the project’s overall pledge amount.
This entire process took me less than 3 minutes. Now that I have an Amazon Payments account, it will be even easier for the next crowdfunding pledge.
I’d love to hear your thoughts on the new GetFunded.com crowdfunding site. Also, please leave a comment after taking a look at the “App Spreadsheet” project. Do you think this crowdfunding request is a winner or dud?

The Tyranny of Religion and the "War on Christmas"
I posted about this briefly on Ravelry today, and realized that I had so much more to say that I really ought to just post it to the blog. It comes not just from the Ravelry thread, but also things I've been seeing in the presidential race. Basically, there's just been a perfect shitstorm of religious hypocrisy that sets me off.
* For the record, I believe abortion should be safe, legal, and rare. I also believe that people of the same sex who want to make a lifetime commitment to each other should absolutely be able to do so. Their love and commitment is no threat to my marriage, or to marriage as an institution.
I have been making some progress on Autumn Rose, despite feeling kind of blah and having much to do. I'm almost to the bind off and casting on for the neck steek, which means I'm also pretty close to attaching the sleeves and entering the home stretch.
I'm in a groove now. Hopefully this won't take too much longer. I wonder if weaving in the ends will take as much time as knitting the sweater?
I haven't made any progress on the Milkmaid's Stockings, simply because I've been focusing on AR.
Holiday shopping, doctor's appointments, and holiday commitments will take up a lot of my time between now and New Year's, so we'll see how much knitting time I manage to cram in.
Thanksgiving always makes for a crazy week. The kids were out of school after Tuesday, and I had a dentist appointment on Tuesday, so there wasn't much time this week to make any real progress on anything.
We spent Thanksgiving day with my father-in-law and his wife. They cooked; I made the desserts -- one apple pie and one pumpkin-ginger cheese tart. Yum. The only problem with this arrangement is that it leaves us with no precious leftovers. So today I roasted up a large turkey breast and made some cranberry sauce, with stuffing and brocolli as well. Mmmmm. And now we have leftovers :)
I like this "architecture" a lot. I've got lots of ideas for patterns to put in that arch triangle are swirling about that will find their way into future socks.
And a final bit of good news: today we got tickets to go see "Spamalot" in December! I've wanted to see this for a long time, so it will make a nice kick-off to the holiday season.
Looks ok. I still wasn't sure about the collar edging, but it did block out much better than I'd hoped. And, for the final test: wearing it.
Not bad. I still feel like the collar edging is a little wonky, but I can live with it. I think it's still something that can be solved with better blocking. Ripping and reknitting wouldn't really accomplish too much.
And because you've all (well, all one of you) been so patient with this post, I reward you with a goofy kitty picture:
I was hoping to have a detailed post about my finished Equestrian Jacket, complete with pictures of the miracles of blocking, but alas the miracles of drying haven't yet materialized, so I haven't been able to put the finishing touches on the sweater.
"But isn't it attached to what he was playing with?" I ask.
"Yeah, but he wasn't playing with it!" was the response. *Sigh*
I Am a Selfish, Cold-Hearted Bitch
I have no pictures today, but there has been a small measure of knitting progress. I finished the Spiraling Coriolis socks, so now all I have to do is figure out which sock I want to knit next. As frustrating as the New Pathways book is, the socks in it are beautiful. I've wound up some Sundara sock yarn (http://www.sundarayarn.typepad.com/) in bark over cedar, a gorgeous dark green color. I tried to get a good picture of it, but the light was bad and the house was messy, so nothing looked quite right.
I also finished the ribbing on my Autumn Rose, so now I can start the body patterns. I think I need to rechart it again, as I did for the sleeves, which I discussed in an earlier post.
Jr. Jr. had a dentist appointment this morning, so of course I took along my nearly-finished Coriolos sock to work on while he was being tortured, I mean worked on. When I pulled it out, the woman across from me, who was accompanying her very elderly mother, began to reminisce about how she had knit socks years ago, when she was in school, but she hadn't since then. At that point, another woman arrived to wait for her appointment, saw me, and said, "I brought mine, too, but it's crochet." She was working on a cute little bag in a nice light blue cotton. See, honey, I'm not the only nutty fiber person around.
Eventually, the Jewish Mafia guys realized that they were never going to get any money out of my great-grandfather, so they let my grandfather go. He was taken in by a wealthy New York department store family (I can't remember whether it was the Bambergers or the Mays). They wanted him to marry their daughter, but he refused. He married my grandmother instead, which never made sense to me, given that she was a complete shrew.
He and my grandmother opened a dry cleaning and tailoring store, and slowly worked to bring over all their brothers and sisters, and whoever else needed it. This was, of course, in the 1930's and 1940's, when Jews were desperately trying to get out of Europe as fast as they could. One of my great aunts didn't make it out before the Holocaust started, and spent time in Auschwitz and Bergen-Belsen. That's a story for another day.
The moral of this story? I could've been an heiress!
I had planned to use my free time today to knit the edging onto the Equestrian Blazer and sew on the button. I want to wear this sweater!
The Tyranny of Religion and the "War on Christmas"...

Itâ€™s true that creative professions are tough to get into. Unlike our more business-minded counterparts, like accountants or lawyers (who know exactly what they have to do to be successful), the film industry has absolutely no guarantees and no clear checklist to victory. Film professionals are completely on their own when finding a path to success and it can be very intimidating, especially since no two career paths are alike.
To make things worse, you wonâ€™t find a lot of support out there, in fact, people will tend to try to spoil your dreams and make you think twice before going for it. There are a lot of reasons why people do this, but not all are malicious.
Some people will be jealous of your courage because they always dreamed of doing it, but never did. They will make it sound like the film world is entirely unjust and only a chosen few succeed.
Worst of all, some people are just plain salty. They may have faced failure in their life and have concluded that if they canâ€™t have victory, they wonâ€™t let anyone else have it either. If you are going to break into the film industry, you have to expect these kinds of negative influences on your dreams and tune them out.
Spend time developing this freedom before you get locked into the life of a starving artist. Pay off your debt and develop some sort of passive income. If you are a creative person this advice will not seem sexy, but it will free you to be able to pursue your passion the way most people dream of their whole lives.
Creativity is not enough to make it. You have to be an entrepreneur. This means that you have to learn some business skills to put your ideas to work. Entrepreneurs have learned to master the creative/logical duality in their own minds. Creative people are amazing idea generators, but tend to lack in logical skills like decisiveness, persistence, and follow-through.
Damon didnâ€™t say much, but told me that he needed help setting up the production office and that I could help paint the walls if I wanted to. The only pay he was offering was pizza for lunch, but it could possibly lead to a slightly more stable unpaid job.
I showed up the next day and helped along with four other volunteers. We had a good time and took pride in our painting, but couldnâ€™t quite finish the job in one day. I volunteered to stop by the next day to finish up.
When I finished painting, some of the other producers were trying to set up about twenty desks that had just come off a truck in pieces. I grabbed my cordless drill to help and soon inherited the unpaid job of setting up desks.
In the film industry, it is important to understand that no matter how creative you are, or how many blockbusters you have in your head, the person who might hire you doesnâ€™t care. Producers are just trying to fill jobs on their crew with competent people who will carry out the vision of the director.
That being said, the easiest way to get a job in the industry with no prior experience is to take the job that no one else wants. This means lowering yourself to getting someone else coffee, taking out the trash, painting the walls, etc. If you can put your pride aside enough to do these jobs with a smile, you will be far ahead of most. A little humility will start you off on the right foot.
My first official title was â€œOffice Intern,â€ meaning that I was the assistant to the Production Office Coordinator. The job was still unpaid, but I moved up from assembling desks to making copies and running to the store. The first day I met my new boss, Mary Beth Meadows, she told me that half of success in this industry was just showing up. She explained that since film is such an unstructured enterprise, dependable people are hard to find.
I was surprised to hear that some people were so flaky, but looking back, I realized that out of the five of us who started out painting the walls, only two remained. The others had found excuses not to show up. All I did to get a title was come to work on time.
Integrity is the value of doing what you say you are going to do. It is a very simple and subtle quality, but extremely powerful. Following through on a promise, no matter how small, can give you authority and respect in an area where you previously had none.
For example a person who shows up to work when they say they will, returns peopleâ€™s calls when they say they will, and completes the tasks they accept, has integrity. This type of dependability is rare in the business world and like gold in the film industry.
Even though I had survived the first cut, I didnâ€™t realize how powerful integrity really was until I got my first chance to prove myself. One of the producers, Dustin Weaver, needed some locations scouts and pulled aside another intern and myself. He split up about ten possible locations between the two of us and gave us the same assignment to scout the locations and report back the next day.
If you are a creative person, chances are your are highly unorganized. A missed deadline in a film can mean thousands of dollars down the tube at best, and the failure of the project, at worst. It is helpful to find some sort of organizational tool like a computer calendar or a paper planner. I use a combination of the two. You can read about my system here.
As an assistant, your first responsibility is to do what you are told without argument; but if you see that something can be done more efficiently, donâ€™t be afraid to suggest it to your superiors. Just remember, their word is the last word. If your idea gets shot down, be a trooper and go with the flow.
Just like in business, there are different departments in a movie and it is easy to blame a different department or an assistant when things donâ€™t go right. People on the way to the top take personal responsibility for not only their own department, but the whole project. While you canâ€™t be in all places at once, take ownership and work closely with your co-workers. Make teamwork, not excuses.
I gladly accepted the job, even though transportation had nothing to do with my eventual goal to become a director. I was not going to pass up a job of greater responsibility and a chance to be close to the action. The six weeks of production were grueling and stressful, but we made it through without any major hitches.
In my downtime, I was able to mingle with every other person on the crew and make some amazing contacts. It was my own film-school condensed into a few months. I barely made any money, but the experience I gained was invaluable.
If you are thinking about the film industry, donâ€™t let anyone stop you. Get your house in order and hit the trail running. If your passion is film, there is no better place to live it than in the film industry.
hello Brian, I have children who would like to get into the biz. they have a cousin who is in the biz and is actually starring on 2 hit tv series, and another cousin who’s a national model.
I don’t want to jump right in and use their famous relatives for a hand out, I would like for them to put forth the effort first without the connections of their cousins… I have a question for you.
Thank you so much for this awesome read! I am currently seeking PA work and willing to work for free for experience and exposure. It has been a struggle not knowing many people in the film industry. I do not have the advantage of film school knowledge, and worried that will be an issue. Your story is inspiring. Thank you!
There might be some short courses in your area you could try out, or get some part time work experience at a local production house to see what you think of it. Maybe you could make a short film to start off with and see how it goes.
You do have a chance, you may not be able to quit your current job to pursue an unpaid job full-time in film but perhaps you can ask your wife to exempt you from all father obligations on the weekends so you can start volunteering your free time. Assisting in music video, idie-films and commercial productions which typically shoot only on weekends are possibly your only avenue at this point.
Start personally visiting production companies that do this type of work and offer yourself with a smile and no ego. Eventually you will gather enough set hours and someone will offer to pay you for coming out on set, then you can start dropping hours off your normal job schedule during the week.
Its doable but you need your wife to be there with you, it will take a few years.
I feel your unhappiness. U graduated film school but am tied down financially and in an erea that has no market. I wont ever get there, I know it, so I am trying to break into small local shows to at least do something other than the warehouse. I wish you luck.
This was an awesome read… I am trying so hard to get into the industry over here in the UK. Thing is I am not getting any younger !! I completed a Digital Film School last year and my my first short. If you get the time it would be cool if you could check it out… Also if there are any other aspiring filmmakers on here who’d like to work with me on future indie films please contact me 🙂 Best wishes Scott
First of all, I appreciate your positive attitude and perseverance. However, the fact that you were paid only $75/day to do such a degree of transportation coordination is despicable. While you make it sound “humble” to do this kind of work, I find it shameful that a producer – who is making so much more money than you probably realize – is taking advantage of folks. To me personally, Damon Chang is a Schmuck. Interesting how, according to iMDB, he hasn’t done any work in a while.
I work in the film industry…it’s shameful how some producer’s run their projects.
I love that part! I am keeping it with me forever, to keep me focused and motivated. Thanks!
1St. A resume…I don’t have anything related to the film industry on mine. Just random jobs. Mostly daycare.
If you love in LA, you can apply for entry-level jobs that pay minimum wage, but maybe that is enough to pay rent with roommates.
I have realized at age 28 that I too want to break into the Film Industry. I am interested in acting, writing and directing but have zero experience in it. I have only acted in a couple of school plays but I enjoyed it alot. I live in United Arab Emirates so I don’t know where to start. Any help or guide would be greatly appreciated.
There is a lot of film work in Lousianna. You might go there if you are able and there is a web site called Mycastingfile.com that might help. Long shot but maybe.
Hi, my name is John Serrano and I was just wondering if I could trouble you for a little advice? I realize that you are probably very busy but I would be very appreciative if you could help me out.Your article actually really helped me. Right now, I’m about to enter the same boat you were in. I’m planing to move to LA very soon to find work in the film industry and hopefully chase after my dreams of becoming an auteur filmmaker.
If you could take the time to help me out, I’d really appreciate it. It would be a great help. Thank you.
I am 21, about to graduate with an undergrad Arts degree (in International Relations) from a fairly nice school, I also think that an irrelevant degree like that gives you self-enrichment and insight that makes a great filmmaker.
I have no debt to pay off, and I’m facing a decision of going to grad school in my discipline, or chasing the dream, moving to Vancouver and starting film career from the gutter. I have to relevant experience or almost no education (took some film/theater/writing electives) but got some self-taught skills, and tons of motivation 🙂 what do you think, should I go for it?
THANK YOU FOR YOUR ARTICLE IT WAS VERY ENCOURAGING.
This post is an inspiration and reading this is a great start to boot 2012! Happy New Year everyone and don’t let the naysayers cut down your dreams! If you truely believe you can do something, then don’t let anyone stand in your way until you succeed!
I am in ages 12-14 and I really want a job, maybe in Disney… My parents are concerned for me to even try because they will think I will loose my childhood, and life… They are HUGE on education Any advice??
Wow! this is very inspiring, I couldn’t stop reading its such a brilliant article. Thanks for the inspiration hope you write more.
This just inspired me so much!!!!
I want to get a chance of any aisan character in any movie … so i can prove myself ……
Hey Mr Lee, thanx for the encouragement. I’ve just finished my studies in Audiovisual Communication at the University of Johannesburg. Having came across your article I feel encouraged, more determined, and positively equipped to hit the film industry. What you’ve discussed really gave me direction and a clear view of the industry. Thanx a lot for sharing.
For the 16 years old above, this is a blog post and not a discussionboard. But I would recommend you try search for Movie + Jobs on a search engine bing or google.
Hello There. I found your weblog the usage of msn. That is a really neatly written article. I?ll make sure to bookmark it and return to learn more of your useful information. Thank you for the post. I?ll definitely comeback.
Great article Brian. Nice to read others giving people the encouragement to venture into the film industry. And I’ll second your view that it doesn’t take a degree to be able to write a screenplay.
Breaking into the film industry. « My journey into film October 18, 2011 at 3:14 pm - Reply
I HATED EVERY MINUTE I SPENT IN THE FILM INDUSTRY
I had a very low opinion of the people I worked with and their attitude to not only their work but life in general. I thought I must have just had a few bad experiences, but this was repeated endlessly until I found the courage to get a day job in a film storage facility.
I do not recommend film as a career to anyone. It’s a great hobby, but it’s a terrible profession that does not pay well.
If you have the opportunity like I had, to study whatever you want, please realize this is a very important choice not to be overlooked. Getting out a bad career and retrained takes about ten years believe it or not.
This article has helped me remember what is important and I hope that you understand how many people you’ve helped to rediscover their passion and dreams through this enlightening and inspirational post.
[…] How To Break Into the Film Industry […]
Great article. I’ve just finished university and wanted to get into the industry as fast as possible so mostly by bothering friends of friends I managed to get work for an established video production company based just outside London, UK. I’m now a full time editor and camera operator and I’m happy to get my career started.
I wrote some thoughts of my own as to how to get into the industry.
Could someone please tell me, how i could get into film after my a-levels.
I would like to go to university and take a film studies course or something along those lines. Could anyone tell me what i’d have to do after that.
And also being 16 now, is there anywhere people would recommend a bit of work experience??????
Simply desire to say your article is as astounding. The clearness in your post is simply great and i could assume you are an expert on this subject. Well with your permission allow me to grab your feed to keep up to date with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please carry on the rewarding work.
hey, could you give me a chanse in one of your productions? i’ll do any kind of work.
Wow. This was a really helpful article. It gives aspiring filmmakers like myself a lot more confidence to fulfill our dreams. Everything you said I agreed with wholeheartedly and will apply to my future. Thanks!
Truth is 90% of people hoping to work in film need a serious reality check.
I have always wanted to be a part of the film industry and this article was so inspirational, supportive, and informing. Thank you for that.
In the film industry, yes. There’s only a handful of cities in the world that provide opportunity.
James Franco's Nightmare March 30, 2011 at 12:00 pm - Reply
TV/Film is a second career for me. Spent 12 years in the business/marketing/sales world…and finally dropped everything in 2007 to pursue my stunted dream as a child and move into the TV industry.
I have been successful thus far.
Interesting…you pinpointed the exact thoughts/path I have been following for some time now.
I am debt free. Started doing some form of grunt work at a TV station, but pretty quickly moved up to Associate Producer in the third largest US market.
I do believe based on my maturity/business experience/humility/and integrity, that I am in a good place.
First, not completely sure how to get there…but your blog was a good foundation to start from.
Also, it’s hard to give up something I have that is stable, pays the bills, and provides healthcare, to move into where I really want to be…but also a place full of instability in so many ways.
Also…what do you do now? I was anxious to read about the happy ending to your story…but was left still wondering about your current status.
My Name is Regina, I’m 19 years old and finished school a year ago in Austria. I want to break into film industry, but my definite goal would be to work as a music supervisior, but i guessed, that the best way is to start out in film anyway, getting connections etc
I am staying in Vancouver atm, until end of July, and my flight back to Austria is in August. Do you think I should risk going down to LA for three weeks, trying to find something or should i rather go home first, work for a while (financial stability) and make a complete move over the ocean in a few years.. I also tried to contact some people, but I didnt get a response, which is demotivating, but i don’t want to give up.
Are there any good ways to get in touch with anybody, so that I could possibly jobshadow, or just bring coffee or whatever, just to get a chance to get contacts?
I was looking around if i should study, but I just don’t think that this will help me a lot, i guess it would rather help to work my ass off..
22! You’re still very young. Go for it!
So get your priorities clear, do your homework and figure it out. If you are young time is on your side but you still need an objective that you can map out.
I don’t see why not… The film industry is based on results. It’s based more on your personality type and work ethic than your age. Just don’t expect to get rich over night.
It’s never too late to follow your dreams.
Hi Brian, Just read your article and how amazing and inspirational it is!
I have just finished my M.A in Directing Film & TV and wanted to know a bit more about how to break into the industry, and I stumbled across this little gem!
It’s so insightful and I’m now more determined than ever to start off as a runner! Thank you again.
Great article and it just about mirrors the film industry in Australia, only our industry is so much smaller.
Hi,thanks for sharing the information regarding film industry.Really you included a more information about film industry.One of mu friends also wants to go in film indutry.He looks very smart and can speak the English very frequently.Thanks so much again for sharing the information……
myself aman chhabra. i hv talent to do anything in film industry. . . . .just hv financial probs. only and only i want ur help to get into film industry, that’s it. i don’t need money, just want to do social work. . . . .plz help me. . . . .god will bless u. . . . .
Very encouraging article. Have known a great deal of struggle myself although I have tried to break into the world of music production and not film, the struggles are similar. Liked what you said about the nay sayers. Have known a few of those in my time.
what kind of course do you have to take to be in the indistry and thank you so much.
Hi im 17 years old and I to want to be in the movie indistry because im so fasnating by it. my family is not supporting at all its like there in denile or something. its hard when no one is supporting you but yourself.
Awesome post thanks for the tips. The key is to have a business mind set, and most filmmakers choose the art over business, and that just collects dust.
Here is a decent place to start. There are other sites like it: http://www.entertainmentcareers.net/
This was a really encouraging article to read. I am a sophomore in high school and ive wanted to be a director for almost 3 years. Around a year ago I finally worked up the courage to tell my mom, and she kind of unintentionally shot me down. I tried to dismiss it as just a stupid dream, but my interest and love for movies has just grown. Thanks again for the brilliant article.
At your age, the sky is the limit. If you want to pursue a creative career (riskier), I would suggest avoiding burdens and responsibilities such as debt, high rent, junk, pregnancy, etc… The more of those things you have, the more you will be forced to take a more traditional job with a steady paycheck.
I also was wondering if you thought getting in agent mattered. I live in Atlanta and have been doing a few gigs here there with independent films.
I am hoping through connections and working on sets as an extra something would come together. There have been a few big movies that have come to Atlanta that I was an extra on but nothing more than 75 dollars a day outside of the experience.
I am hoping this is better than getting an agent here and the next best thing to getting an agent and moving to LA. I would like to eventually be on a set and make a connection on one of these movies but I don’t know if that’s possible just being an extra.
Speaking of LA, I do get trips with my company out that way. Are there open casting calls that I could connect with while I am out there on business without getting an agent? Sorry for the loaded questions and thanks so much for your incite.
I’m not familiar with those sites, but I know it’s big business to charge aspiring actors for a shot.
He came to Cal State Fullerton once and I had a chance to talk with him, he was not forth coming about his tactic, but none the less, that is what he had done. To become a money making artist is 100 times more difficult then to get into the film or music industry.
With all of this said you have to be prepared to work for free or next to free for some time, but if this is your passion then nothing can stand in your way.
P.S. Mark Kostabi does not paint his paintings he hires the work out. He doesn’t come up with the ideas either, yes he hires people to do that also. The only thing he does is sign the paintings.
That’s a good point on networking. I would add that if you have the traits I’ve described in this article, your name will spread much faster. The film and art communities are tightly knit and recommendations are important.
Hi, my name is Will. I was born and brought up in the US. As my parents are of Indian origin, I moved to India when I was 10 yrs old. Now I’m 20 & currently living in India doing my B.Tech in Electronics Engineering. I’m planning on returning to the States after this course. My biggest dream is to become an actor. But I dont know what to do. Can you help me??
You picked the hardest profession in the world to be successful in, but if you want to go for it, start taking acting classes and move to a city where you can start auditioning for roles. Go on LOTS of auditions. Isn’t there a pretty healthy film industry in India?
Thanks for the great advise! Film is my passion and it took me a while to get the guts to pursue it. I’m going to do just that!
I’m not saying I will get in but I have a positive feeling that I would love to work in the film industry.
My opinon to this subject is that I understand that not many people suceed in the film industry but I think everyone should just keep on trying, not matter what anyone says, you just have to keep moving forward and one day something will change. Somewhere across the lines there’s true success in life and it’s all about time and patients.
I hope this will help my goals for the future. If you could help me further that would be very helpful.
This article was definitely an inspiration for me.
I definitely related when you were talking about how no one will support your choice.
Right now I am a major in Art, and going to try minoring in Film Tv Radio, and hopefully work my way up to an art director, but in the mean time maybe do some post production, advertisement designing, animation, knowing that, what do you think is the best approach for getting more involved in that field?
My advice is to volunteer as a general assistant and you will naturally find your niche.
I am 15 and I am staarting to look into work experience in the film industry too. I am having trouble finding work experience though because most companies say that they can’t take under 18’s because of “insurance issues”. I have a feeling that this is another attempt to knock people who arn’t really interested back. This article is really good and has a lot of helpful tips.
Thank you so much for taking the time to write this because it really has helped me find out a few more things about how to get in.
Great advice – where are you today?
One interesting thing about the film process is the selection of locations where shooting will take place.
Dont know if you know this but how is it done – how do you go about filming in a particular location?
That is the job of the locations manager. It’s a negotiations process… you need a contract and it usually will cost you.
All though i am just 13, i am extremely passionate about cracking into the film industry!
If you wouldnt mind me asking, what age where you when you decided you wanted to be in the film industry?
Sure thing. Film festivals are a great way to get started.
This is a very inspiring article. I have big problems around a similar topic with my parents and it started since I was 13 years old. My father resonated that it was a hard business to get into and that I’m a girl, so I’ll have more trouble “getting in” then guys.
I’ve been stubborn and persistent, so when I was 17 I went to apply for the academy of dramatic arts in my country (I’m not from the U.S.A).
I was absolutely horrified by the state of the academy (it was derelict and dirty) and the professors who were unhappy, miserable drunks.
The guy who handed me the exam paper – a renowned director – reeked of whisky.
Thankfully, I didn’t get in – the reason was that I was too young, though they made it clear that I have talent for writing screenplays- but I’ve gotten a few calls from the directors to come see the actual production of a film (this is one of the few plusses when you’re living in a small country).
Still, my mother tongue is English – I read and write only in English because it’s easier, the flow of words is continuous, unlike writing in Croatian (good God). Now I’m studying philosophy, trying to get most out of life and I have a great fear that I will end up like the rest of the Croatian scene if I stay – unhappy, frustrated and miserable.
I have no financial problems. Should I move to Hollywood?
[…] How to Break into the Film Industry by Brian Lee […]
I don’t have any direct experience with this, but I would look at is as a plus because you would bring a unique viewpoint to an American production.
I’d love to be a director one day and I am always hearing about how I should start small and work my way up. Your article was very informative (and is now bookmarked). Do you have any advice on how to get my resume to production companies? How could I find who is firing or looking for volunteers? I’m constantly googling and searching various sites but would like your opinion.
Also, is there a specific resume format I should use or just as long as I have one I’m good to go. Thanks again for your article!
Look up your local film commission. That is a good place to start. They usually list all the crew calls in the area.
I just started by submitting to every available crew call that I could.
Keep your resume clean and easy to read. That’s the best advice I could give… Less is more.
I’m really into movies and music and wanted to know how to go about getting into the sound design/ special effects part of film making. Theres a local community college I will be attending this fall that has a cinema studies major and I was wondering, do you think school would give me a good knowledge base or connections to break into the industry ?
It might help, but the best way to get into that speciality is to volunteer as a general PA (production assistant) on a film and try and make friends with the sound department. Then, try to land an assistant job with the sound people and keep moving up.
Thank you for this, you really gave me an insight into what I might someday have to do to break into directing. I’m also very good at writing too, would I be able to do both? Goerge Clooney is someone whose very diverse, he’s did just about everything directing, acting, producing ect… Which seems like if you’ve got a good idea at what your doing in this buisness you can do it.
I also live in the UK so moving to the States is also something I really want to do.
I’m only 14 at the moment but this is definetly something I want to do. The only thing I can do here to get a little practise at skills is making videos for YouTube :). But every little helps! Thanks again.
It sound like you’re on the right track. I know that several good movies come out of London every year, so you might be closer than you think.
Writing and Directing go hand in hand. It’s not always the same person, but for the good ones, it usually is. Think Christopher Nolan in Inception.
Thanks so much for putting this up. I’m a seventeen year old heading into my last year of high school, and struggling between the logical choice of being a physician assistant and my true desire, to go into film. My biggest opponent right now is my dad, who won’t support my decision unless it is something medical. It’s nice to see that someone else did what I am trying to do. Right now I’m hoping to attend NYU for cinema studies, but we’ll see how that goes.
While I always had a love of movies I only ended up majoring in Media Studies because I was told the screenwriting concentration would give me more writing experience than going into the English department which mostly concentrated on literature and teaching techniques.
Now I’m torn between staying with screenwriting which I’ve fallen in love with and maybe pursuing going to afilm school after getting my BA and going into an internship or sticking to my original plan of getting my Masters in Creative Writing.
Do you believe that someone with a goal of being a screenwriter would have the time to also pursue other forms of writing such as novels or would it be better to just concentrate on establishing myself in one field?
I think that a screenwriter could excel in novels as well. The main thing is to get work out there. Write screenplays. It doesn’t take a degree from a film school to write a screenplay. It just takes you writing a screenplay.
Your article is really great. Thanks!
I know what you mean about the “everyone thinks you’re crazy” part.
Thank you so much for this. I just sat through an hour long dinner with my family, grilling me as to why I have chosen a career as an actress with my private school education and high IQ. My mothers favorite catchphrase is to tell me “You are too intelligent for that”. Reading this restored some of my damaged hope. Best of luck to you, xo
It’s not an easy path as you are discovering. There are times when it seems like no one is on your side.
I really need to take a risk and just go for it, that’s my problem. The film industry is my passion and here I am working in retail. I’m coming up to 30 and have made no progress towards my dream.
Changes will be happening soon, thanks for this.
Wish everyone was as helpful as you
I graduated from film school a couple of years ago in the UK. I have a BA.
Our Uni didn’t encourage anyone to get work experience whilst studying so we all graduated into this bad economy and realising that we need work experience. I want to try in the States. Of course LA is my first choice.
I was thinking about moving to the States then looking for work, however I found out that the only way to get a work permit is if there was an employer sponsoring me.
Do you think that if I get to the US on a tourist visa and do a few free work experience jobs I wouldn’t be asked to get a work permit by my employers?
Do you have any tips to getting work in the states as a UK resident?
Hmm.. I don’t have as much experience in this area, but I’ve met many people in LA who work in the film industry from other countries. It might help to contact some employers through sites like http://www.entertainmentcareers.net/ and see what they think. You might even be able to line up a free gig for a 2-week vacation and really test the waters that way.
thankyou for putting out this article. i am just like Kasey what with my mum not exactly agreeing with my decisions. i aim to work beside tim burton one day even if i’m grabbing him coffee just as long as i put it straight into his hands. i live in australia which is a problem b ut i plan to gain experience by volunteering at the South Australian Film Studio and eventually move to USA. i also want to get into animation-preferably stop-motion animation. i study animation subjects and e-mail other animators who happily email me back with good advice. i am only 15 right now but i do my own projects and i watch every ‘behind the scenes’ featurettes on DVDs. would that give me any help or is it useless? i would appreciate your input.
I’m not big on expensive film schools, but if you have the money, they will open doors for you. I’m a bigger fan of getting a PA job and working your butt off.
Thank you for your insight. I’m sure it will prove valuable. I’m a 17-year-old female from Ontario and am attending University of Toronto in the fall, taking a Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology, but my true passion lies in film. I hope to take your advice with me, and it’s reassuring to know that you can break into this industry without training from a film school.
If you’re passionate about it, I think you should pursue your dreams. Make sure you take care of your basics first: be able to pay your rent and basic living expenses.
The first place to look is usually your local film commission, but when you’re ready for the big time… move to LA!
Hi, I googled your article whilst in the midst of my own career crossroads and thought it might be worth sending you a message as you might have some insight into my predicament.
To throw a spanner in the works, I just received a job offer to work on a major US funded blockbuster film, one of only 2 happening in Sydney at the moment. Catch is, that they want me as a Production Assistant.
Any thoughts would help, majority confused, this is a huge gamble. But like everything else in this industry, what isn’t?
In my experience, the cream always rises to the top. If you made that much progress already, you won’t be at the bottom rung for long. I took a step back and went to PA from an otherwise decent job, but it only lasted a few months.
Thank you so much for this article. I have had nothing but negativity from my family about my hopes of getting into the film and TV makeup industry. I know it will be hard but once I find a path I just need to follow it and keep moving forward. This really made an up to my really shitty week. Thanks.
Awesome! I wish you well on your endeavor. It will be filled with excitement and possibilities!
It was both encouraging but also made me worry about whether I have exhibited bad qualities without knowing it. I was on my first ‘real’ set (more than 10 people) as a behind the scenes camera man and asked if I could ever try to shoot any B-roll stuff. I never directly complained about things, but I had some emotional baggage that may have been noticeable since I wasn’t always talkative and was introverted… and may have come off as sour.
I feel like I learned my lesson and have coped with the issues, but could this first experience completely ruin my future in the industry?
As a side note, it was only a $100k film or so – does this affect anything?
Nice post Brian. It was great to hear someone’s real story and experiences in the film industry. I particularly liked the section “Qualities of a Film Industry Professional” which could apply to most any industry I suppose.
You’re right. The qualities would help in any indusry. It’s just that the film indusry is hyper-fast and the benefits of being an effective worker are more pronounced.
I really enjoyed reading this article! I am very interested in film, I have dreamed of being an actress and a writer all my life. Although im not sure how to go about in England; I am definatley wanting to emigrate to America but of course I first want to prove myself before making any life changing mistakes or desicions. Any help you can give me will be much appreciated! Thank you!
England has a pretty strong film community as far as I know. I would guess that it’s all in London. I would check to see if there is a Film Commission in London or in your local area and just volunteer! Don’t wait until you are here to start learning.
Thanks a lot …i m an Indian …and crazy for the entertainment industry…i think this is gonna help in great to ful fill my dream of name fame……if possible give me few more tips if at all u know anything about Indian film Industry too…..Thanks Bro…
Brian thanks a lot you have inspired me i may be only 15 but i know my dream is to be in the film industry. thanks again for this article you wrote it has inspired me and i know anything is possible
thank you for this information really put me on the right track, I am very determined to go down the work experience rout, and was looking to see if any others have done the same and been successful now I know it has gave me inspiration.
if you have any information on anything i would be very grateful also people who are leaving comments like me why donâ€™t we get in-touch and try and improve our chances together whether its short filming or just shearing information!
Thanks Bro……It was like an injection of adrenaline directly gushed into my dreams. I’ll make it happen. I’ll remember you as my teacher who taught me a true lesson.
wow! my dreams came crashing down and burnt last year but i will get back on my feet again. I am trying to finish a script that i have been working on for 20 years plus. I would give anything to see it made or better yet , i would love to direct it myself. I have directed over 50 high school plays and now i teach french and drama and media. Can it be done?
Wow this is EXACTLY what i was looking for.Youâ€™re very specific.Im 15 and im still not sure what i want to be when i grow up, but being a director or actor is definetly up high on the list. I aldready keep a notebook of ideas and scenes i have for movies 🙂
Thank you for this. I have been dreaming of working within the film industry but I just do not know how to realise this dream…
Thank you for this blog it has been extremely helpful and insightful.
When I leave school, I will follow those guidelines like the bible!
Becoming an actor in a film or tv industry? Pfft that doesn’t even require a high school graduation. Plus the chances of that happening is slim because where do you see a lot of high budget movie now that doesn’t have good looking cast.
I don’t believe that doing acting school is going to help very much; mainly because there are so many models that just turn into movie & tv stars. And the fact that even kids can have lead roles in movies & tv series; this just shows that you don’t need acting school to appear on film and that it is mostly luck.
What about the promotional aspect? There’s sooo many movies out there.
How can you even compete when a billion movies are being promoted at the same time? Like how many films are made every year that no one has ever heard of.
The only way I see a person surviving in the film industry is by being either a writer, director, cameraman, etc everything except for actor.
Yes being an actor is a cool dream to have but you people should think about it from a financial perspective instead.
So in conclusion I think people should start asking themselves:
Is acting in the movie industry able to support me financially?
I myself have always wanted to be a professional musician even though I have some talent. I know that competition is tough in the world and I wouldn’t choose it as a career path but instead studying very hard to get a career in electrical engineering. Instead of being pretentious about reality.
Thanks a lot for this article. am very disturbed at home. family does not want me to get into this industry am yet 14. but being an actor is not my dream its MY AMIBITION! thanks for helping me out through this note~ 😀
Im only a photography student from england and im still at college, and its come to the point where i have to decide to follow into the film industry or do my academics.
I really liked this article. I too wanted to be on this line, but m doubtful as to what to do or how to procceed?
I want to act in films and design the sets, possibly work my way up to directing. I know it’ll all unfold clearly for me but do you have any other words of wisdom?
Okay, I’m inspired again. It’s so hard to keep motivated in something that almost EVERYONE is so skeptical about. It’s so easy to fall and lose hope when working your way into this industry. It takes an amazing amount of grit and determination, sometimes even obsessive, to get in movies. I myself am a conceptual artist, one who salivates over movies like The Matrix, Transformers, Watchmen, 300, etc.—very visual movies. If I don’t get this ILM internship this year, I’ll try again the next. I won’t lose hope. Thanks for believing in us.
My daughter is 9 years and will like to a movie star and singer. please, help us
I am 36 , and would like to become a movie star, I am poor , have no but experience on it but I know I can do , I beleive in divine connection and I need help.
My first language is French , I speak pretty good English and some spanish.
Thanks for this! You’re really encouraging! =) I’ve been very interested in getting into the film industry since high school, but, just like you said, many people keep telling me that it’s impossible to get into. That’s why I’m a little discouraged to even try it out. But after reading this, I really want to!
I learned from The Pursuit of Happyness that I should not let anyone tell me that I can’t do something. I know my dreams are big and maybe even quite crazy, but I’d still like to try!
Thanks again so much!!! I’d appreciate it if you’d write back or something. That would be nice. Best wishes!
Hi there! Just like Mr. Lee says, you can start off by getting a job and earning some money. If you’re studying right now, you can get a part-time job or a student job at your college/university.
Join a group or organization at school dedicated to film or to acting. Participate in school productions, whether as an actor or a member of the backstage crew. It helps. =) When you have some money, you can start taking acting workshops and stuff to improve your skill. Hone your talent. If you can sign up for free workshops, that would be great! =)
i am 27 years old, up till now i am finding it difficult to fend for myself, and i have the talent of acting what do i do. i’m a nigerian
I am 17.I am financially poor. But I have great dreams of getting into the film industry. I can act very well. What should I do?
Thanks for your article Brian, I find it extremely inspiring. Its interesting about debt as mine is all paid off in 4 months. I think thats my time to begin. You have really encouraged me, thanks again.
Thank you for writing this,, I think it gives everyone the hope they need to pursue their dreams.
The question you ask is one of the oldest questions in film. I would say that the people I run across are split about 50/50. Half believe in film school, half only trust real-world experience.
Although I never went to film school, my college years were some of the best in my life. I wouldn’t trade them for anything.
I don’t think that people should be in a hurry to grow up. If you can afford to stay in school, I would say more power to you.
This really encouraged me! Thank you so much to whoever wrote this! Please feel free to contact me as I would like to get in touch with you.
Five Ways to Create Extra Income With Little or No Money
Can Men and Women Really be “Just Friends?”
5 Distractions and How To Overcome Them
Wow, that's fascinating. There are a few other articles on this site…
Hey Brian, I know I am a few years later than when…
to answer the question why do smart people do dumb things......oh crap,i…
5 Distractions and How To Overcome Them March 12, 2015
Inspired To Start A Blog? Learn What Makes These Five Bloggers Successful February 18, 2015

Canada’s wind energy industry can increase its participation in a modernized Ontario electricity market, supplying low-cost, non-emitting energy, as well as a suite of products and services that will help the province meet its electricity demand reliably and efficiently.
Our Capabilities to Expand the Role of Wind Energy
Our most obvious capabilities are becoming better known by the day: wind energy does not emit any of the gases that cause air pollution or climate change, and it has become the least-costly form of new electricity generation now available. Alberta recently agreed to procure power from four wind generation projects totalling 600 megawatts at an average contract price of 3.7 cents per kilowatt hour. As other forms of energy increase in price, wind energy prices continue to fall.
As the lowest-cost source of new electricity generation for Ontario, wind energy provides a great hedge in case nuclear refurbishments falter, or customer demand grows faster than expected. Wind energy can be put in place quickly to ensure reliability while helping the province meet its climate change commitments.
Not to be forgotten is a focus on how to value environmental attributes within Ontario as a market develops for these. Finally, we must also value the role that contracts can play in the future electricity marketplace – when and where they are clearly beneficial in meeting the system’s needs in areas such as low cost, reliability, emissions and flexibility.
If you found this blog interesting, you may also find these links informative:
Low-cost wind energy can provide innovative solutions for reliable, flexible, non-emitting electricity

Ad blocking is a growing threat to online business models, and one that publishers need to address. What steps are they taking to win back readers who are already ad blocking? How can the user experience be improved? What are the key implications concerning privacy issues?
See full programme here: http://events.wan-ifra.org/events/ad-blocking-action-day/programme

Fun Things To Do and See In Northwest Las Vegas
The nights are hot, hot, hot here at Santa Fe Station, where we feature some of the biggest and best live music in Las Vegas, along with a variety of incredible intimate lounges and exceptional bars. There’s a reason we’re known as the locals’ favorite nightlife destination — we’ve got tons of exciting fun things to do and see!
For the 21-and-over crowd, Santa Fe Station’s intimate lounges and exciting bars offer some of the hottest nightlife in Northwest Las Vegas. Whether you’re looking for a relaxed spot to sit and sip on a drink, or a high-octane dance floor where you can get down with some friends, you’ll find it all right here at Santa Fe.
Our nightlife isn’t all we have to offer — we’re also home to some of the most family-friendly entertainment in Sin City, featuring a variety of hotel attractions sure to keep the little ones fully entertained. From our on-site bowling alley to our movie theater, arcade and Kids Quest active entertainment area, you won’t have to worry about the kids getting bored at Santa Fe Station!

Buy one of our FoodWorks courses, and we will deliver our unique blend of practical skills, invaluable knowledge and support to your community.
We’ve perfected a winning combination of tasty recipes, nutrition and budgeting advice, along with basic kitchen skills to help people transform their lives.
Our fun, friendly six-part sessions can be held over the course of six weeks or in a timeframe to suit you.
Whether it’s building confidence, forging new friendships, moving on to education and employment or simply becoming a more active member of a community, FoodWorks really does work.
“I actually think this is the best contact I’ve had from the food bank. FoodWorks has changed how me and my son eat.
FoodWorks can create massive changes for the people who take part.
FoodWorks offers people a friendly, relaxed environment in which to interact socially. It helps to increase personal resilience, self-esteem and confidence. This leads to more motivation and raised aspirations in all areas of life.
Participants get to increase their cooking confidence through learning basic cooking skills and knowledge. Throughout the course, they are shown how to budget effectively and be resourceful with ingredients. They are also encouraged to make healthier diet choices and to become more active.
The course offers people the opportunity to increase their communications, teamwork and negotiation skills by learning to take and follow instructions. It also helps to improve people’s confidence in basic literacy and numeracy skills by following recipes.
Food hygiene and health and safety introduction.
A full set of recipes, including all recipes covered in the course and other related recipes.
Ingredients for up to 12 participants.
Evaluation Report to include an overview of course content, assessment of each participants attendance and progress.
Contact us to find out more about how FoodWorks could work for you.
It is designed for people who are facing particular challenges in life, such as:
Long-term unemployment and economically inactive.
Homeless people or those at risk of homelessness.
People in recovery from substance abuse.
Those identified as vulnerable.
People working within social support and/or as carers.
People suffering from obesity and diet-related diseases.

Lookbook: How to install the plugin
After creating a Look, you can now display it in any post or page. There are two ways to do this, depending on which version of WordPress you are using. Click on an option below for more information: If you are new to WordPress, you will most likely be using […]
After creating some Looks with the Lookbook plugin, you might like to show them all in a grid so people can easily browse through them. There are two ways to do this, depending on which version of WordPress you are using. Click on an option below for more information: If […]
"A picture is worth a thousand words" If you need any help describing something, it is a good idea to include an image to show what you mean. This makes it much easier for us to fully understand any issues you might be experiencing, so we can help much faster. […]
Important! Before getting started, you should be familiar with how to add pages and post categories to your navbar/menu. All pipdig Blogger templates include the option of adding dropdown menus. See the steps below to give it a try! How to create dropdown menus 1. Go to the “Layout” section […]
Have you ever wished there was a quick and easy way to monetize the content on your blog? Well, we may have the perfect solution which allows you to earn money from your blog without compromising its quality or visual appearance. In this guide we'll be taking a look at […]
This feature is also available for Blogger/Blogspot. The ePrivacy regulations and new GDPR mean that you may wish to add a Cookie notice/banner to your site. This will make it clear to people that view your blog that your site uses cookies for things like Google Analytics or social media […]
As well as automatically displaying ads at the start/end of a post, you can also display ads within the content. For example, after a specific paragraph or image. You might think that copying and pasting the code directly from Adsense will work, however this is not the case. WordPress will […]
So you want to create your own blog? Awesome! We'd love to help you get online and make your own little corner of the internet. Before getting started, the first thing you need to decide is which blogging site to use. We create themes for two different blogging sites: WordPress.org […]
The Featured Image Panels option is a great way to promote any content on your site. You can even link to external sites too, if you wanted to promote anything else. Please note, this feature is not currently available in all themes. How to enable this feature: 1. Go to […]
Blogger: Why won't the number of posts change?

There are a lot of times that we as business owners lose sight of why we started our business in the first place so I created this page as an easy resource for our staff when visiting Canyon Country clients in order to keep them grounded. After all, all work and no play makes for bad coffee.
Welcome to Canyon Country, California, a one-of-a-kind place that offers the ultimate in shopping, dining and cultural attractions, surrounded by natural beauty and outdoor spaces. Miles of nature trails, public parks and swim beaches are walking distance from downtown for a workout or unwinding.
There are so many things to do in and around Canyon Country that it comes down to how much time you have and whether your desire for adventure tends toward the urban or the pursuit of nature. Whatever your passion, or to discover a new one that is uniquely, get out there!
50 Free Things to Do There are countless free things to do in Santa Clarita, from outdoor recreation to kid’s activities and more! You can take a museum tour , explore a park, meet wild animals or window shop.
THE 15 BEST Things to Do in Santa Clarita - 2018 (with ...

One of the strengths of the Fort Street Studio portfolio is the understanding of color relationships, resulting in the unexpected color combinations used in each design. Although each carpet design has its own standard colorway, our art studio understands that many projects have their own custom color needs, and are able to tailor existing designs for specific color palettes.
With the work and individual attention involved, custom sized and custom color orders are each charged a 10% fee. Please know Fort Street Studio will not present any samples or renderings that we feel do not meet the expectations of the client or our design standards.

Well, I've finally graduated from the tasteless Google referrals that have included such things as naked volleyball players and girls who shovel snow in the nude. I can now be found in CNN.com under Well-Hung Guys, you know, right after a web page for William Hung, the lifeless geekazoid from "American Idol" who has made a singing career out of Ricky Martin's song "She bangs, she bangs" with all the vigor of a person in the first stages of rigor mortis.
Is he real? Or is he just reanimated? He actually kind of reminds me of a relative who gets up to sing at a party, and you know they're bad, but you have to let them sing anyways, because you're related.
But being mentioned on CNN.Com. I am so proud.
Hey, I was only speculating there.
At this point I'd settle for cute girl who has a freakin' date with a guy who is breathing.
But that's it!! No more settling!
And I just hope he doesn't feel the need to fart the National Anthem everytime a baseball game starts or anything. I really look down at things like that. Even desperate women have to establish some kind of quality control.
I know, I know, my shrink is always telling me I have way too many restrictions on the people I want to meet. Some guy may have 58 really great qualities but then he'll be, say 1/4 Italian, and I will just have to send him packing. I'm sorry, but I watch "The Sopranos" and I know exactly what happens when Tony goes out for a ride.
I don't like flawed humans. I mean its ok that I'm flawed. I'm flawed enough for both of us. But you, my fine specimen, you have to be perfect. Absolutely perfect.
So are we seeing a pattern here...perhaps the reason ol' wittykitty is still a single kitty at age 46? Me looking for a perfect man. Someone with no flaws. As in someone on the No-Flaw aisle at Walmart.
I guess that was what my shrink was trying to get at this week. None of us are perfect. And we're all going to have to put up with each other's shit, no matter who we fall in love with, because that's just how it is, dammit.
My biggest fear in a relationship is that I have so many flaws, how could anyone possibly handle them all. Wouldn't the poor sap who made the choice to love me, be so busy juggling all my insecurities, rash decisions, anger streaks, indecisiveness, and general flakiness, be too tired for an actual "re-la-tion-ship".
This week in our group, my shrink gave us a kind of unusual homework assignment. He wants us to make up a list of what we think people WON'T like about us in potential relationships. Like what are the qualities that we feel are so totally repellent that any level headed individual would run screaming if they came within fifty feet of us.
Of course, because everyone in the group has low self esteem, it would probably take at least six months to get through our individual lists. The People don't/can't/won't like me because........
Crap, I could go on for years on that one. But actually when he gave the assignment, I blurted out the strangest comment. I said, "Oh, you mean my mother's list?"
I'm not sure my self-hatred list is really all that long. Most of the things I don't like about myself were not only hatched but totally nurtured in the mommy-monster oven. And that's about as close as the words nurture and mommy will ever get to each other in this website.
She always made me self conscious about my looks, about my weight, about my intelligence, about my creative abilities. And everything that I ever accomplished (and I have accomplished some stuff, despite my role as a welfare has-been here), took me three times longer, because I had to 1) not only generate the usual amount of effort to accomplish something, but also 2) push an additional 12 billion pounds of negative energy generated by my mother, just to crack the surface. It was very tiring.
I used to share my writing and artwork with my mother when I was younger, but I have stopped doing that, and since then my freedom to be creative has grown in leaps and bounds. I don't have to please her anymore (at least not on the surface), but it has been somewhat liberating to get out from under all this. It's sort of like pushing a boulder off your leg and being able to hike back to safety.
Unfortunately, it still does affect the way I deal with people and how I cope with relationships. I always feel like I'm just in friendships on a temporary pass. And whenever anything happens, like I haven't heard from Married Guy for several days now, as in unanswered e-mails, I get all panicky.
Not having any confidence is a terrible thing. You may know you're a terrific thAng at home or with your cat, but how do you take that to the streets? How do you present that in potential relationship situation? Like "Hi, I'm incredibly insecure, but I'm also incredibly wonderful if you just take a chance."
Unfortunately I still continue to hide my insecurities with a snarky sense of humor. I figure if I make the joke first, the joke won't be on me. Ha, ha! But it also makes for a really lonely life. And if things get too serious with anyone, my joking mechanism goes into total overdrive.
She has done this my entire life. My stuff is not important, nor worth remembering, thus rendering me invisible.
So, if my standards for a love interest, seem impossibly high, its really just me standing here in a state of confusion. Do I have the confidence to go out and find someone who will love me despite my flaws or will I always believe that cock and bull story my mom told me about the fact that she is the only person who could ever love such a freakin' mess.
I guess time will tell and P.S. the well-hung part is not important.

Yesterday, I didn't feel like driving to any of my usual hiking places. And I wanted to get pics of Goldfinches! So I walked out to our Community Garden.
But this year, I'm more likely to drive someplace else to walk. Walking along the path yesterday, I thought about this.
I have walked that path about 1000 times. Yes, literally. A thousand times. I did the math.
Knowing these things has been comforting for most of my time here! But lately, I just want to look at something different. :)
The Goldfinches are molting this time of year, so their feathers look a bit messed up. :)
I have a love for Song Sparrows.
Yep, they are sparrows. Also known as "little brown birds"! :)
But Song Sparrows are seriously cute, with their stripey face and chest. They stay here, year round. (and can be found, all across the US and up into Canada for at least some of the year!) And their voices are so cheerful and happy. I just love their song!
But more importantly... Song Sparrows seem to be fascinated by me and my camera!
When I happen to find a Song Sparrow close by, I start taking pics and they start showing off for me! They hop around, study me from several angles, flick their tail and stand up straight, and stay and watch me for a while!
At first I just assumed it's because I'm awesome! *laughs*
But maybe they like the beeps my camera makes. I tested this today. There was a Song Sparrow close to the trail who dove into the underbrush when I saw her. She didn't go far, tho. So I turned on my camera, and held down the shutter button to do the auto-focus. *beep*
Instead of my walks to and from the community garden, this year I've been going for hikes on the weekends. My favorite place is a city park that has a Rhododendron Garden and a Native Plants Garden.
And across the way, there's a forest trail and part of the Ridgeline. The trails are short, but pretty steep. And if you want to walk all of them, you can go for several miles.
Some days are like that. I just kept walking up and down the hills. And then a deer.
Or to be precise, a deer's butt.
He was pretty far off the trail, and I watched his butt for a while, walking back and forth on the path, trying to get a better view. He finally moved and laid down where I could almost see him!
I've seen does at the park and a momma with a child, so it was exciting to see a male for the first time. He had a girlfriend with him, too, that was sweet.
I have a little extra brain power, and I think I'm going to dedicate it to blogging.
At the day job, they fired all my friends in the warehouse. And I'm bored, so bored, without fun and interesting people walking by who want to chat with me about random things. So, instead of my brain complaining to me about how bored it is... I'd like to think up topics and writings for this place!
Don't know if it will work, that's why it's an experiment. But I aim to post here, not every day, but 4 or 5 days a week, for the month of September.
Note: Yeah, none of the internal links work here at the website. I've not fixed everything since my devestating computer crash at the beginning of the year.
I can't stick with anything, and I'm having trouble doing anything at all.... Depression is acting up, big time.
But, it's a new month, and I'm going to give it another go!
My partner is visiting his mom, and he'll be gone for two weekends, so I've decided to do some Spring Cleaning. The floor of my bedroom is my craft area, and there are several years worth of piles taking over.
It's embarassing, but, as I mentioned, with depression it's just difficult or impossible to deal with things.
This idea has been rattling around in my brain for a couple weeks: Black Paper + Metallic Watercolours! I'm going to cut up the page and send it as postcards!
Now the hard part, of course, is going thru all those piles and finding a place for everything. About &half; the piles are just books... but I ran out of book shelf space a long time ago. However, once I find and clear a space, the books will be the easiest thing to deal with.
All the other stuff, I don't know. These two weekends might be interesting.
Well, sheesh. I did mean to post more often during the month of March! Unfortunately, I've been dealing with a (very) lingering cold and I've mostly slept thru the last half of March.
Despite this, I have sent mail almost every day during March. I only skipped two days. Problem is, I didn't write ANY LetterMo replies, like I meant to!
For April, I'd like to continue my goal of sending mail most every day. It would be nice to figure out a way to motivate myself to write replies, as well. Not to mention, I need to keep up with my mail log, as well.
But my major goal for April is a different project that I have procrastinated for a very long time.
It's important to me because, with my postcard group there, I am very active on GR. I am a fairly serious reader, and it's a bit embarrassing that I'm not adding the books I've read.
So here's my plan. Slow Drip! Ten minutes, every day!
When I pull out the computer every evening, I will set a timer. There will be ten minutes of focused activity:
I hope to add reviews about every other day? I tend to hem-and-haw about my reviews, so I'm not sure if I can finish typing one in 10 minutes.
That's the plan. We'll see how it goes!
Well. I think I have a working printer. We shall see how long it lasts.
I've bought 3 printheads here recently. The first one only lasted about three weeks. The second one never even installed correctly (And then I was not refunded for the peice of junk they gave me). And here we are on the third one.
Yeah, at this point, I'm a little short on hope.
But I've started printing things here and there. Trying not to get too excitable. Just a few basic postcards.
LetterMo March On... my goal is to continue to send mail every day, and to send some replies.
This year's LetterMo -- Sending mail every day during the month of February -- was not as fun as usual.
A lot of that, of course, was my personal apocalypse... no files and no printer and I couldn't make my own postcards and send tons like I usually do.
Anyway, just kind of a disappointing experience.
So I've decided to make March special by typing about my mailing fun here! Here's what I'm working with...
Those are some of the postcards I've been sending out. Yeah, store bought. sighs... but I did buy them to use them!
I am happy to use some of my store-bought notecards as well. I've been signing up for more written notecard exchanges at swap-bot, and I host my own weekly swap as well. It's fun and I have learned how to fill a page with chatting... I couldn't tell you if it's interesting or not. ;)
I haven't downloaded all of the years yet, but it looks like almost all of my files have been returned to me. So far, there's just a few weeks of January 2018 that are missing. But getting Hundreds of Thousands of photos returned more than makes up for it!
Next up: Figure out what to do about the printer and the crashed computer.
When I didn't have my files, I felt like my life was on pause and I couldn't do anything. But now, I feel like a real person again!
On an ordinary weekend day, I go for a walk. I take photos. I turn photos into postcards. and I mail like crazy!
Okay. So right now, I can't print. And I don't have any addresses to send postcards to. All due to the Extreme Troubles I mentioned.
But I keep walking. And I keep taking photos.
And I'm surprised at all the wildlife that's showing up!
Sometimes Starlings. Lately, Crows. I noticed a big dark bird in the tree as I came around the corner. But, when I got within camera range... um, that's not a Crow!
In fact, she or he was being mobbed by a Crow!
Unfortunately, there is no hope for the photos I took. The day was too cloudy and I was too far away.
But that's okay. It's always fun to see someone new!
This is a Red-Shouldered Hawk, a little bit outside her usual range along the coast in California.
At the end of January a bunch of crises happened and I am having the worst year ever.
I had just bought a print head, and it only lasted 3 weeks. I've now spent 500$ because I have to be able to print! (This is a large, high-end printer, and yes, it's worth it.)
Fell and broke her left humerus. Kidney failure. and a diabetes diagnosis. SO took a flight out to Miami to be with her and help organize care.
And in the meantime, our phones went down and communicating with each other on opposite sides of the country, became difficult.
∞ And then my computer crashed.
All gone. And I honestly don't know how to live my life without all this stuff.
And I'm so overwhelmed, it's difficult to even look at data recovery options. And I've been stymed again and again, as I try to find a decent and real Data Recovery company. I'm beginning to wonder if they are not all just scams, out to get money from desperate people.
A Good Thing: I recently bought myself a tablet, and I splurged on the extra memory. I'm fleshing it out with hardware and software and it is now a decent replacement for my crashed computer.
I go back and forth between hope and hopelessness. not to mention helplessness.
Another Good Thing: My friends have been awesome, caring and understanding. I don't know how I would have reacted without them. Saying "Thank You" is such a ridiculous under-statement of my gratitude that it makes me cringe. But...
I've not been posting... but I have been drawing every day this month!
I sit down every evening to write some postcards, and then I pull out an index card to do my drawing.
My drawings are not that great. Mostly, I am okay with this. I only draw once a year, after all, and I'm definitely losing my talent with so little practice! Arg.
For the month of October, I've challenged myself to send at least one bit of mail, every day.
This used to be standard operating procedure. But this summer, I took a break. ha: no good came of it, that I could tell! ;) So, I need to get back to my mailing normals. Every Day.
And for November, I will be drawing every day.
Last November, I sketched on 4x6 index cards and my focus was drawing myself in the mirror. It was definitely something different, since I don't really like drawing humans. But I think it turned out rather well.
I'm not sure if I completed the challenge of drawing every day of the month... I did run out of time to upload all my drawings, and I don't remember how much further into the month I got. I will look into this!
But physically drawing something takes different creative "muscles". It's a bummer that those muscles only get stretched once a year... but maybe one November, I will keep going into December, and then into the new year.
This is what I hope for. And this is why I keep challenging myself with a daily drawing during November.
And wishing I could spare some more time for my poor, abandoned web site.
Yeah, if I only write one blog post a year, this is the one I'm going to type! :)
It's been a few years since I have added to the Classics List. But this year, I've read The Catcher in the Rye... Which brings my Classics total to 12 of 46:
And, I am excited to report, I've read at least one book from each year's Top Ten list...
I am pretty serious about keeping my journal. In the past, this has manifested as Daily Stories, Morning Pages, Art Journals, and just Filling Up Note Pads.
This has worked really well for me for several years.
Well, except I perpetually don't have time for this project. So, I'll print and bind a couple months here and there, and then much later I'll do a couple more. Not sure how long it's been since I've completed a full year!
And, you know? I am completely okay with that! I do journal on a consistent basis... it's just the form that's somewhat inconsistent!
I'm an extreme introvert. Toss in some shyness and some social anxiety. Yep, that's me!
I love open space. I do not want humans in my bubble. My bubble is pretty big. I'd rather not talk to you... but if you want to type or write, I'm all for it!
I graduated college with a BS in Equine Science... nope, I didn't go into the business: the summer jobs I had taught me that working with horses is extremely hard work for little pay. :) But I would not have done it any other way, my misdirected schooling got me where I am, and I'm quite happy here.
I do sometimes miss riding horses. I rode dressage, and enjoyed it. But now that I'm vegan, I know it's wrong to enslave a fellow earthling.
So these days, I occasionally draw horses but that's the extent of it.
The baby guinea pigs are now 2 weeks old. They are definitely the picture of cuteness! Still no names, yet, but I am pretty sure the Big One is female and the Little One is male. We've got a vet appt next week to be sure.
Taking care of guinea pigs is part of my activism for animals. Guinea pigs, as a species, have been so abused by humans that their name is synonymous with experimentation. It is part of my mission in life to love and care for them.
We have had a Community Garden plot since 2009. I still don't consider myself a "real" gardener... I just pretend: I'm mostly there for the photo opportunities, but I'm happy to get a few zucchini and sun gold cherry tomatoes out of the deal as well! :)
The Community Garden is about a mile away, and right on the bike path that follows the creek which runs near my home. It's a lovely walk, and I go out to the garden most every weekend all through the winter. During the spring and summer, I usually have to drive there because I've got baby plants or tools or compost.
Our "go to" veges that we plant every year are: Sun Gold cherry tomatoes, Zucchini, Lemon Cucumbers, Sweet Potatoes, Butternut Squash. We do have some Strawberry plants, but only get a handful of strawberries every year. After that, we experiment with new veges every year.
The only non-vegan thing I do is the very occasional vermicompost: We've got a worm bin at home... keeping and using worms as pets is not vegan, but it helps the earth so much I think the "end justifies the means"... but I am quite ambivilent about it.
I'm looking forward to warmer weather so we can fill up our space with plants and flowers!
Life is a hard battle anyway. If we laugh and sing a little as we fight the good fight of freedom, it makes it all go easier. I will not allow my life's light to be determined by the darkness around me.
I am a human rights activist. I do my best to Fight the Good Fight of Freedom for everybody on the planet. My activism through letter writing and postcard sending is an important part of my life.
I am a letter writer for Amnesty International's Urgent Action Network. It's been a while since I've been super active: I used to take on an Urgent Action every weekend. These days, I am not quite so dedicated: I'm writing one case a month.
Eventually the battery went out. Instead of fixing it, I bought an Amazon Kindle. Which I'm still reading today, even though it has a couple of micro cracks in the screen and is slow as dirt. :)
When I bought the kindle, the deal I made with myself was that I would only have one (bought and paid for) book at a time. If anything else came up while I was reading my one, I would get the free sample.
I have still bought more than I can read of the dead-tree books. But my digital collection has remained manageable. I had tons of free samples, but just the one book I'm currently reading.
I signed up for this stupid Daily Deal thing at GoodReads. And, as I mentioned before: "A curse on those Daily Deals. The book is 2$! Today Only! and I meant to read it some day, anyway."
Lordy. And, the bought-but-unread books are piling up on my Kindle as well as in real life. But at least I'm not paying 10+$ for these books I might not ever read! *giggles*
(ha, I just remembered I ran out of time to upload all my drawings from last november! Need to do some scanning and pre-date a few more blog entries, I guess.)
I have had a very happy relationship with computers since my Dad got a TRS-80 when I was a kid! I eventually minored in Computer Science at university. I got As and Bs, but the programming classes were more difficult... school stuff came pretty easily for me, so it was a surprise when I actually had to think.
I never wanted a computer job, because I knew if I worked on or with computers all day I would not want to play with the computer on my own time.
But every once in a while, I do think I want to try with the programming again. I'll buy a new book about some random language, and then I will realize I don't have time to read the hefty book, let alone learn anything!
ha, but some day I will get bored with my regular books, and I'll dig out one of those old programming books...
And Birds are cool too. Sometimes I read books about birds. The biggest reason why I like birds, is because they are almost always available to be photographed! Even when you don't have a bird feeder. :)
Before Piper was brought to the local humane society, she was kept with a male guinea pig. uh huh.
Well, yeah. Humane Society people were very confident and I totally assumed they knew what they were talking about!
But last thursday, I came home from the day job, spent some time with Piper and realized she was very pregnant. I could see a very active fetus on her left side, and a more relaxed fetus on the right side of her tummy. and more fetuses hanging out underneath? eek!
I looked up Guinea Pig gestation -- 70 days -- and did the math. If Piper got pregnant on the very morning that she was brought in to the humane society, the babies would be born on sunday 26 march. That gave me a time-line to work with.
I am so surprised and amazed that there are just the two. It means that I have meet and become acquainted with both before they were born!
They are quite adorable. In all my years of taking care of guinea pigs, I've never had to care for babies, so this is new and wonderful and terrifying and anxiety producing for me!
Thanks to one of my friends over at GoodReads, I am going to attempt another month of daily blogging. The Blogging from A to Z Challenge sounds do-able and fun... Every day's topic is to begin with each letter of the alphabet. So rather than an infinite number of topics I could be typing about, I'll be more limited and hopefully not as overwhelmed! :)
Yep, I love Art. But this post is actually about me. I am an Artist. I don't throw that word around lightly, but I definitely own it.
I am a photographer and I share my photos with the world: here on my web site and on the postcards that I send out.
Success, to me right now, is simply knowing that I've brought a smile to someone's face when they are standing at their mailbox. :)
P.S. I do not have comments enabled here on the blog. I just don't have the time to maintain them. If you wish to say something to me, my email and my PO box are listed in the sidebar on the right. Happy Day, rift
And Another Thing: I have Announcements to make, which I will be typing soon and post-dating. They'll be at the top of this page in the next day or so!
My partner and I have adopted Piper the guinea pig!
Piper is about 6 months old. Her intake papers make me sad. This is the paperwork filed out by the previous "caretaker" who surrendered her to the humane society. They list her name as Brown. Sighs, that's not a name. That's not even a description, since she's yellow and white.
And "How often is your pet handled?" Not Multiple times per day, and Not Daily... but weekly. Which probably means less. Sad, because she is very friendly. Definitely not "shy" or "timid", which is almost a joke.
And her "Problem Behaviors" are "Chewing" and "Escape Artist"... *giggles* I wonder if they kept her in a cardboard box!!!
(In case you don't know, guinea pigs and all rodents are SUPPOSED to chew! Their teeth grow continually and they have to chew hard things like wood to wear them down. Trimming their teeth is a routine procedure at your veterinary appointments.)
Today's outgoing mail included a postcard protest directed at the Department of Education.
I'm looking forward to the big postcard protest of the 15th of March...
There is a mailing campaign aimed at the US White House for the Ides of March...
Write your comments on the back. Put a Postcard or Forever Stamp on the front... 34¢ is all that is required. Then mail on 15 March 2017.
I guess I forgot to post anything here, last weekend... Yeah, that uploading a photo every day is going Great, isn't it??! haha!
This year, the group is up over 70 players every month. I've simplified my process by typing my message on the postcards instead of writing. It has helped immensely. It's not as personal, but I can type a lot more since I can reduce the font size. And of course, things go much more quickly now. We are back to having fun and joy again!
Here's a pic of my work space as I'm cutting up the 2nd half of the postcards...
As I cut out each postcard, I arrange them by country. I send out International postcards first since it takes them a bit longer to get to where they're going.
When I cut up the USA postcards, I arrange them by zip code so I can send to the east coast first, which is the furthest away. Closest locations -- California, Oregon and Washington state -- are sent last and only take a day or two of travel time.
It's a big project, and I love it. The people are wonderful and kind and I always enjoy conversing with them... both online and in the post!
Haha! So much for taking pics of my mail every day! (I've not posted anything here for a week.) Truth be told, I got bored of the pics because I was only sending one or two postcards every day last week. And I ran out of time to get creative with the backgrounds.
Oh, and I love to use digital paper as belly bands when I send standard letter-size paper in the US#10 envelope... You can't see it in the pic, but the brownish dot paper is very beautiful and is included in this set, made by my friend Linda at Happy Print Club: Tea Time Stationery Printables. And yes, there's tons of free printables on the Internets... but I prefer to support artists, financially!
I cut up a couple world maps to make a bunch of postcards this past weekend. They came out amazingly well! I put 11 of them in the this morning's mail.
It's a hard thing to do. It's sad and there is nothing you can say on a card that will help. But, believe me, it is very very important that you write and send something!
Good: I got a slow start at the beginning of the month because I was not feeling well... but I am catching up big time and am on track to have a regular month. During a regular month, I send out about 130 postcards and notecards! Yay Mail!
I have had some creative down time... I never completed the posts for my daily drawing month in November, I didn't post again after that, and, most importantly, I did not post my annual First of January "year in review".
I've been doing a Jan 1st post for about a million years, and this is the first time I've ever missed it!
I have deleted the rest of this page in order to encourage my participation in this plan: it looks kind of empty around here, doesn't it??! Look! You can see the bottom of the page! hello, rift?! Type something, rift!!!
Looking down at an Egret in the Rain.
I live in the Pacific Northwest of the USA, with my Significant Other (SO) and Piper the Guinea Pig. I am vegan for ethical and environmental reasons, my love for animals and nature is a very important part of my life.

1-Sentence-Summary: The Big Leap is about changing your overall perspective, so you can embrace a philosophy that’ll help you achieve your full potential in work, relationships, finance, and all other walks of life.
Two years ago I was in the middle of a massive email list campaign, trying to reach 10,000 subscribers from ground zero. About five months into the project, multiple efforts started to kick in simultaneously and, suddenly, I was on an exponential growth curve.
Having piled up a few successes, I was floored when I found out I would be featured to over 100,000 people on another newsletter. It almost felt too good to be true. So, sure enough, I sent an incredibly stupid, unreflected email and blew it all. Boom. Right back to the slow, painstaking pace I was on before.
I’ve always wondered why I did that. It was completely unnecessary. However, I finally found the answer in Gay Hendricks’s The Big Leap. Gay is a Stanford psychologist, who’s co-authored over 35 books with his wife and is famous for his work in relationships and mindfulness.
This book is his most popular. It outlines a philosophy of life aimed at maximizing your potential. Here are 3 lessons from it that stuck with me:
We don’t believe we deserve to be happy all the time, so we cap our levels of joy for no reason.
Fear and self-sabotage are two common ceilings we can break through with the right attitudes and exercises.
When it comes to work, we can be in four zones, but only one is worth shooting for.
Ready to jump out of the fish bowl and into the open sea? It’s time for a big leap!
Lesson 1: We artificially limit our happiness, because we don’t think we deserve to have it all.
In the early 19th century, engineers figured out how to use steam engines to power wheels and thus, the steam locomotive was born. First used only to transport goods and resources, people quickly discovered it’d be a great means of transport as well. However, due to the state of science at the time, early adopters suggested to never run trains at more than 30 mph, for the human bodies on board would just explode.
Yes, you read that right. Folks genuinely believed their bodies would explode if they went faster than 30 mph. Luckily, some “madman” decided to go 31 anyway and here we are, driving cars that exceed 280 mph. What’s the lesson here? How much is possible is often limited only by how much we try.
A similar story is the one of Roger Bannister breaking the 4-minute mile. It was believed to be physically impossible before, but once he did it, others quickly followed. In the same vein, how often we’re happy and how long that happiness lasts doesn’t need to be defined by what we think is “normal.”
In The Happiness Hypothesis, Jonathan Haidt explained that we all have a biological happiness set point to which we tend to regress, but he too believes we can raise that baseline. Ask yourself: how much of your unhappiness comes from your belief that it “has to be there?”
Lesson 2: Two common upper limits are fear and self-sabotage.
So, why did I blow my relationship with the people who wanted to promote the heck out of me? I sabotaged myself. That’s it. Since we have this subconscious idea of how much happiness we deserve, we tend to ruin ourselves for no apparent reason, if things start going too well for us. Hendricks calls this an upper limit mindset, as a result of which we create fake drama and unnecessary problems.
Often, we do this in another area of life, say, love, if you’re doing well financially. However, this is usually a sign of you letting your guard down and then making a careless mistake, rather than actually screwing up without meaning to. So if you’re on a winning streak, just make sure you keep your ego in check. Don’t get cocky and you’ll be fine.
Another common upper limit is fear. There’s a long, famous quote by Marianne Williamson that our worst fear is not that of failure, but “that we are powerful beyond measure.” It makes sense. If you knew and accepted that you have all you need to live up to your potential, that leaves you with no excuse not to.
Since fear isn’t something you can rid yourself of completely, Hendricks suggests “breathing into it,” quoting German psychotherapist Fritz Perls, who said that “fear is excitement without the breath.” Usually our breath gets shorter when we’re scared. To counteract this, you can take back control by breathing slowly and deeply. If you’re about to give a presentation, for example, this’ll help you turn stress into energy and deliver a great talk.
Lesson 3: There are four zones of work and the Zone of Genius is where we should strive to be.
Transferring this idea of lasting happiness to your career, Hendricks claims work shouldn’t really feel like work. You want time to flow by for a few hours and emerge inspired, ready to pick up where you left off the next day. To achieve this, you need to work in what Hendricks calls your Zone of Genius. It’s one of four different stages of work:
Zone of Incompetence. You suck at the task. Many people can do it better than you.
Zone of Competence. You’re alright, but lots of others cope better.
Zone of Excellence. You’re highly skilled and few can hold a candle to you.
Zone of Genius. You’re literally the best in the world at it.
This might sound like a tall order, but remember the first lesson: you can never know what you can pull off if you don’t try. Also keep in mind that you can pick a very narrow field and only serve a small group of people, and the definition will still hold.
So, what are you waiting for? If you’re not going to choose yourself, who will? It’s time to take a leap!
This book is more on the motivational side, but it does hold practical exercises as well. If you’re stuck on making a big decision or are fed up with your own perspective on life, The Big Leap is a good read to pick up.
How you can use the Enlightened No to stay on track
A time management technique that’s based on dealing with problems
The 17 year old with plenty of spare time to figure out her career trajectory, if only she tries, the 52 year old, who’s bottled up marriage issues for over a decade now, and anyone who regularly struggles with impostor syndrome.

SF Tech Sessions is back! This month’s event will feature 4-6 companies that may change the way you view search, communities, and online social interaction. All products are from small startup companies who have launched within the last 2 months.
This month I have encouraged all presenters to not shy away from technical details. I want developers in the audience to get a full picture and perhaps evaluate an API or two for use in their own projects.
It’s all free! Come check out the view from the 32nd floor of this historic hotel, where the Queen of England once took the best furniture from every room to construct her own master quite and the Soviets started cutting wires on entire floors until they were convinced no one was spying on them. Thanks to digital content marketplace Blish.com for so generously sponsoring this month’s event.
I’ve already started to plan next month’s event. Please contact me if you have a cool new project or startup you are working on that you would like to introduce to more people and gather feedback. Hope to see you Wednesday!

Take to the sky in the latest simulation from t...

VoIP is a global phenomenon. IP communications are a key component of our cloud-powered, digital era of today. And, with exceptional communication and collaboration at the heart of every successful business, this is a market full of opportunity.
From a bird’s eye, HoduPBX will easily integrate into an existing environment, and because it is a software-based solution initial investment is minimal. And digging a little deeper into features, HoduPBX hosts multi-tenant support, multi-lingual support, outing rules, vendor management, payment gateway integration, least cost routing – aimed at service providers.
In addition, analytics and CRM modules are available for integration, as well as backend accounting and reporting.
Software defined solutions are taking over technology, and the rise of the cloud is driving a new virtual era in communications like no other. And while VoIP trudges its way to ubiquity, its benefits are undeniable. Predictions place the hosted PBX market to be in the neighborhood of 20 billion, and there’s still room to grow.

Stoll has just one goal and two assists in 29 games, and had gone 18 games without a point. Stoll is a 13-season NHL veteran and won two Stanley Cup titles with the Los Angeles Kings before signing with the Rangers in free agency last summer.

Indeed, as you can see from the picture above, I own more than 100 console games, some of which I’ve devoted hundreds of hours to. Over the years I’ve owned five different consoles – seven, if you count replacement consoles bought because I wore out the originals.
In other words, I’ve been playing games, off and on, for longer than many #GamerGaters have been alive.
And while I play a lot of shooters – as you’ll see if you look closely at the picture of my collection – I often play on the easy setting, and I never play multiplayer at all. My favorite games tend to be those that give me the option to goof off for hours on end. I don’t even want to imagine how much time I’ve spent in the various Grand Theft Auto game universes, driving off cliffs on “taxi missions” gone wrong and generally causing trouble. (It would be nice if these games were less blatantly sexist, but Rockstar sure as hell knows how to design compellingly immersive open worlds.)
So, yeah, I’m pretty far from hardcore. But, you know what, angry gamebros? This is my hobby as much as it is yours. I may not fit your gamer stereotype, but I play games too, and the money I spend on gaming is as green as yours.
And there are a lot of us out here – game players who look a lot different from the angry gamers now ranting about evil Social Justice Warriors trying to destroy their supposedly male preserve. Hell, the comments section of this blog if full of them, many of them aficionados of RPGs and obscure interesting indie titles I’ve never heard of.
Another commenter in the same thread noted that women have been playing video games from the beginning:
Their obliviousness is nobody’s fault but their own.
#GamerGaters, is this really that hard to understand?
@Antonio: We splurged on a 3DS specifically to play Fire Emblem Awakening, but since then Beloved has put hours and hours into Bravely Default. We got that around July 4, and she’s played it for a few minutes practically every day since then, and she still hasn’t beaten it.
While the babies are asleep or occupied, that is. Usually though they want to get their wee fingers into whatever we’re doing. I have to fight to keep my laser mouse away from my girl, so it’s easier not to use my computer while they’re up.
I stopped identifying as a gamer after a short-lived stint working at Gamestop. Customers aside, being forced to work off the clock every shift, having my hours based on my ability sell “warrantees” to customers who didn’t speak enough English to understand they were being scammed, and making minimum wage while also being expected to spend all of my paycheck and more in the store really soured me on the whole gamer identity.
The 3DS was by far the best gaming-related purchase I’ve made recently. I have never been able to get into the Fire Emblem games (Much like The last of us, I appreciate the design but they just don’t grab me), but the 3DS library is chockablock full of amazing games.
Unfortunately my computer self-destructed last week so at the moment I’m strictly a console player.
Aw man, maistrechat, that sounds like a horrible work environment. I’m glad you got out of there.
I’ve heard of that! Not sure I’m up to bullying at this time; maybe when my brain is a little steadier.
As for the Dreamcast, how is it broken, exactly? If it’s an optical drive, I’ve heard there are mods for swapping it out so you can hard-wire the thing a hard-drive. It sounded promising… except for the part about how much rewiring it’d require 😛
How far along is the missus in the game? And does she need any suggestions for builds? 🙂
Seriously, thank you for the warm welcomes.
@Falconer Oh, I never much liked tetris, but I loved that video since I first saw it 🙂
I don’t identify as a gamer. I stopped doing so ten years ago, due to the constant barrage of veiled threats, sexism and homophobia that I as a gay female get constantly by many male gamers, to the point I stopped online gaming altogether. Just not worth it.
None of us thought he was trying to ruin the group. Overall, he just brought some variety.
…makes one wonder who really is clueless about gaming.
Sorry, but you *completely* missed the point of GamerGate. It has absolutely nothing to do with your gender, and everything to do with gaming websites colluding to censor information that puts gaming journalism in a very bad light. Sites like Cracked, Polygon and Kotaku have tried very hard not to report on the Zoe Quinn debacle, deleting thousands of comments in order to suppress commentary on the matter, even collaborating in an effort to distract from the real issue at hand: their corruption.
That’s the problem with all of this: Too many people on both sides are all too happy to turn this into an argument about gender and sexism, rather than focus on the real issue of journalism ethics and professionalism.
I mean, it’s not like this information is particularly hard to find:
Ravenx2, This has already been covered extensively here and elsewhere, but I feel like someone should tell you that (a) arguing by jpg* is pretty weaksauce, and (b) your jpg is full of inaccuracies and lies. For just one example, the reason Gaters are called misogynists is because they’re full of hatred and resentment towards women, which they freely express online, pretending that somehow gaming “belongs” to boys and girls had better learn to fit in if they want to be tolerated.
Now go away, and stop pooping in our comments. It’s gross.
It’s so cute how they keep trying to pretend this is a real movement. And by “cute”, I of course mean “tiring”, “predictable”, “transparent”, etc.
We’ve already seen enough of the inner workings of your “movement” to refute your claim of it being anything but a misogynistic witch hunt. Hell, Zoe Quinn and her alleged actions are discussed in three different sections of that explanation alone, followed by a lovely showcase of a failed sockpuppet Twitter campaign.
…wait for it, I’m on a mobile and the comment went wonky on me…
Wait, GamerGate isn’t about sexism and is all about journalistic integrity? Why haven’t I heard this before?! Thank god someone posted a colorful, illustrated rebuttal, or I would have been forced to wallow in my own interpretation of the facts forever!!!1!
Come on, are you gamerd00ds so lacking in memory that you forgot how this whole thing started? I’ll refresh you: an ex-boyfriend with an axe to grind conjured a phony cause and recruited 4chan to be his personal harassment army. A gaggle of idiots like you were co-opted so they could try driving certain women out of the business. #NotYourShield? 4channers and Redditors were caught on live chat planning to impersonate bad stereotypes to prop it up.
Some people have taken to call this whole debacle #GamerGhazi.
Why should we listen to you about the subject of integrity in reporting when you’re being dishonest and biased yourself?
Also, Cracked is not a gaming website. It’s a comedy website. They talk about gaming sometimes but they talk about other things too! I know it’s killing you that some of their writers have been speaking out against misogyny lately. You just couldn’t help exposing your true motives could you?
* Ravens are one of the smartest and coolest animals on the planet. It’s an insult to them to choose that for a name.
Apparently none of my three tries at a comment posted. Oh well, it’s not like dumbass came back to argue anyway. I need a real computer.

Jesus says God wants to save the world. He then teaches his followers to love one another. That’s his master plan: love.
All this borders on unbelievable, so we skip over it. Whether we hope to save souls or feed the hungry, we trust our methods. Napoleon had his force, and we have ours: training seminars, convincing arguments, marketing campaigns, stylish bracelets, catchy slogans, pet dogmas. Sometimes we pull out the big weapons of political weight, petitions and demonstrations.
They possess all conviction and passion, yet they lack the one great weapon of mass instruction: love.
The movie “Pay It Forward” brilliantly painted this picture. If we begin loving people and teaching them to do the same, a movement of magnitude can lend light to the world’s dark night. It can touch people everywhere, especially me.
We need not do away with our methods of touching lives, feeding the hungry, ending war, fighting disease and poverty. But we cannot hope for any real success in these arenas without love.
If we want to save the world, could we imagine any act more powerful than loving a merciful God, neighbors in need, or enemies who revile us?
If we want to reach the world, can we fathom any more convincing evidence of deity than laying down our lives for others?

Step 3 : enjoy for... let's say 10 minutes
3 weeks for Warrior & Paladin testing and the announcement of the next wave, be interesting to see if they keep to a similar pace with the other class tests, we can then roughly extrapolate how long beta might last. Will have to see when the next wave comes in after the Shaman/Rogue wave.
Thanks for the really great update, much appreciated!
I'm always getting full of excitement when i get to read some of these
Thank you for the info. What a great read it was.
I wouldn't say months, maybe 1 year, i really don't know.
But i hope they nail TBC since to this date there hasn't been a private server that did TBC decently, most of the projects are literally trash.
And since TBC was my favorite expansion i can't wait to play it, hopefully here.
The timeline for progression has been discussed before with an optimum from vanilla launch to TBC launch is 16-18 months. They don't mention this now as they don't like deadlines as it allows people a stick to best them with.
Which is a thing that never happens on private servers, where if you start a new xpac, you gotta come back to the old content and fix it again.

I'm so thrilled fashion season is open once again!
It's quite a lot to keep up with, isn't it? Let's just breathe and enjoy. Fashion is to be enjoyed and every little detail is to be flavoured attentively. Leave the rush for designers, models and editors and let yourself get inspired!
Unfortunaltelly, I can't review all the shows or bring you all the unforgettable moments fashion weeks always grace us with. Still, I'll show you some glimpses of what I loved the most and try to give you some insight on the trends to come.
But today we have another subject. It's Haute Couture, darlings!!!
Did you take a look on the shows? I'll show you my 10 favorite looks (the order is totally random) of this season's precious bunch (painful selection!). Are they your dearly beloved ones as well? Can't wait to know a little bit about your own views on Couture!
Contemporary art. That could be a reasonable defition for Margiela's work. Nevertheless, this is a stunning outfit no matter how we define it.
This was not one of my favorite Valentino shows so far, but that cape... My, oh my!

Posted in Climate Change, Electric Power, Energy Efficiency, Natural Gas, Ocean Acidification, Solar Energy, Wind Energy _ Leave a comment
Posted in Climate Change, Natural Gas _ Leave a comment
Posted in California Power Mixes, Climate Change, Fossil Fuel Energy, Nuclear Energy, Renewable Energy, San Onofre, Solar Energy, Wind Energy _ Leave a comment

The latest Nokia 3.1 Plus promises to deliver smooth performance, paired with a classic design, massive display, bigger battery and a good pair of cameras without burning a hole in your pocket. Priced at Rs 5,999, Nokia 8110 4G is the upgraded version of the iconic Nokia 8110 with a new avatar and features and will be available from October 24. The "banana phone" is finally here - Nokia 8110 4G.
The phone features a 2-megapixel camera at the back along with a LED flash. For taking selfies, it comes with an 8-megapixel front-facing snapper.

(sausages from pork, chicken and turkey meat, greens, vegetables, barbecue sauce)
(neck of pork, onion, black and red pepper, salt, basil, barbecue sauce)
(beef fillet, onion, black pepper, bay leaf, salt, dark beer, barbecue sauce) 100 45.35
(chicken fillet, onion, paprika, black, white and red pepper, salt, curry sauce)
(aubergine, onion, bell pepper, champignons, fresh tomatoes, zucchini, greens, seasoning) 250 30.62
(beef fillet, lard, lavash, onion, black and red pepper, salt, cumin, greens, barbecue sauce)
(chicken fillet, lard, lavash, onion, white pepper, paprika, oregano, salt, cumin, greens, curry sauce) 200/30 30.00
(carp, onion, black pepper, salt, thyme, rosemary, lemon, greens) 100 17.30
(duck breast, floral honey, apples, hazelnuts, salt, black pepper) 100 24.00
(lamb, garlic, white pepper, salt, basil, thyme, rosemary, cranberry and apple sauce) 100/20/50 53.38
(pork fillet, garlic, onion, cherry tomatoes, thyme, rosemary, salt, black pepper, Kikkoman sauce, mushroom sauce) 100/50 35.00
(veal fillet, pineapple, garlic, onion, butter, cognac, thyme, rosemary, salt, black pepper, cranberry sauce) 100/30 48.27
(chicken fillet, garlic, paprika, pepper, salt, brandy, curry sauce) 100 20.00
(salmon, white pepper, salt, salad mix, cream sauce, lemon) 100 37.00
(beef, black pepper, butter, cherry tomatoes, salt, garlic, onion, seasoning, greens) 100 45.00
(pork fillet, black pepper, cherry tomatoes, salt, garlic, onion, seasoning) 100 30.00
(pork, onion, black and red pepper, salt, basil, barbecue sauce)
We are glad to offer you "Daily Specials", which are updated weekly. Salads, soups, cold and hot snacks, hot dishes are all available. Attention! Special discounts or promo conditions can be applied for our "Daily Specials". Read detailed information

How To Remove 5 Common Household Stains Accidents happen – they keep life interesting. But when you make a spill on your clothes or carpet, you want to take care of it right away. Try some of these cleaning tricks for removing the following...
7 Factors to Consider Before Hiring a Maid
7 Factors to Consider Before Hiring a Maid: So you’ve decided to simplify your chaotic life and hire someone to help you clean your home. While reasons for making this decision vary from person to person, it is imperative that everyone considers...

Fancy a bit of local co-op action in an open world with a zombie apocalypse setting? Don't Bite Me Bro! [Official Site] is free.
There's actually two versions of the game, the first is the free one which is a full game. However, they also have a "DELUXE" version which includes some extra content.
Don’t Bite Me Bro features hours of single-player and local multi-player game play inspired by the games that we grew up playing.
Enjoy endless fun either on your own or with up to three of your best zombie-slaying buds.
Don’t Bite Me Bro’s bright and playful 3D aesthetic gives it the feeling of playing within a zombie-infested toy chest.
Start humanity from scratch as you gather resources, build your safe zone, and fortify it with both defensive and offensive upgrades.
Defend your base and its inhabitants from endless waves of the undead.
Barter with the mysterious traveling merchant to acquire additional resources, weapons, and power-ups.
Collect an arsenal of weapons and a fleet of versatile vehicles.
‘Man’s best friend’ doesn’t apply to the undead. Rescue your very own canine companion.
I've tested it out and it's actually not bad. Seems to work fine on Ubuntu. Hilariously, I was going through the tutorial and the tutorial guy was eaten by a zombie so that was pretty amusing. Not sure if it was supposed to happen…
You can find both the free and DELUXE version on itch.io. It's also coming to Steam, but no exact date as to when.
Right now the free version doesn't work on my system, it's unable to load ScreenSelector.so, instant crash to desktop, haven't got time right now to fix it.
lucifertdark Right now the free version doesn't work on my system, it's unable to load ScreenSelector.so, instant crash to desktop, haven't got time right now to fix it.
Odd, worked fine for me, it's a Unity game and that sounds like an issue loading the Unity launcher.
I tried this with mouse & keyboard and unfortunately the game loses focus on the cursor after exiting any menu. Because of that I couldn't get beyond the first few minutes. Although it is probably fine with a controller if you're okay with giving up precision aiming.
The game works great on Ubuntu Mate and Lubuntu 18.04 for me and my kids. I can not get into it though. Anything with crafting in a game just puts me off. My kids like it and play it from time to time.
Not sure what it was, but it's now working, I might even get time to actually play it by the weekend. I'll buy the deluxe version when it's on Steam.

"You can do what you wanna do...In Living Color!"
In Living Color! Wrote an article 'bout it! Like to read it? Here it goes!
Not to be confused with the funk-metal band Living Colour or a BBC radio comedy sketch show of a similar name.
This show contained examples of the following:
Bag of Holding: Wanda was implied to carry one of these, considering her ability to produce almost any item someone might ask for at any given time from her purse- up to and including cans of gasoline.
Bait-and-Switch: "King: The Early Years" begins as if its a story about Martin Luther King, Jr., showing a white kid and a black kid getting into an argument at school. Instead, it turns out the King in question is Don King, who organizes a fight between the two kids and gets paid by the other kids to watch it.
The Cameo: In-universe (or in-sketch, as the case may be), Magenta Thompson makes an appearance during the "Super Fly" sketch. As usual, Super Fly tells her "Get out of my way, bitch!"
(Insert any topic)..."wrote a song 'bout it. Like to hear it?. Here it goes."
Character Tic: Anton Jackson has a habit of picking his nose. In one skit where he's being sued, he takes the judge's gavel and uses the handle to pick something from his nose.
Grace: (holding the severed tail) Would you like a piece of my tail, Harvey?
Jamie Foxx: Foxx hosted a season 25 (1999-2000) episode (the first new episode of the 21st century) and hosted again 12 years later on December 8, 2012.
Jennifer Lopez: Hosted a season 26 episode (2000-2001) and a season 35 episode (2009-2010). Is the only Hispanic celebrity to be a host and musical guest for two separate episodes. The first time she hosted had a sketch in which the In Living Color Fly Girls (all played by SNL cast members) visit her and tell her she lost her roots ever since she became famous.
Depraved Kids' Show Host/Subverted Kids Show: Several examples, all involving hosts who don't even try to pretend they don't have tons of personal issues.
Early Installment Weirdness: In the first Fire Marshall Bill sketch (the fire safety in school sketch), Fire Marshall Bill had hairnote though this is justified as all of those explosions and fires have burned off his hair and hair does not grow back once it's been set on fire down to the skin and his demonstrations weren't that destructive (read: he often appeared in one piece after the building he's in explodes).
The earlier episodes of In Living Color did not have Jennifer Lopez as one of the Fly Girls (she didn't come in until season three).
In a Homey D. Clown sketch where he's acting as a substitute teacher, Homey's alphabet cards are out of order, and the children proceed to mock him for it. Damon Wayans, ad-libbing, proceeds to say something that gets bleeped immediately, and is told point-blank by the directors and producers that it wasn't gonna fly on TV.
Just don't say nothin' bad about Ms. Jenkins near her (though that doesn't stop her from gossiping about her either).
Crazy Tom: People come up to me, they say 'Crazy Tom?', I say what?
Tom quoting the Customer: Just how can you give away high quality electronics at prices like these and still make a profit?!
Crazy Tom: ...I DON'T!! (breaks the bottle against his head) I'M CRAZY!!!!!
Lady Looks Like a Dude: To the waiter (played by Jim Carrey) in the skit where a businessman is on a blind date with Grace Jones.
Waiter: May I get you something, monsieur?
Losing Your Head: The Head Detective, and Fire Marshall Bill at the end of most of his sketches (including the last one, where his head is crushed as part of Gallagher's watermelon smashing act).
Wanda the Ugly Woman. For example, during the Season 5 premiere when she's about to give birth, she says "Look, doctor, this pain is too much. I think you're gonna have to do one of them Caesar salad sectionsnote caesarean section on me."
The Man: Homey's mortal enemy. In one sketch, he purposely sold out to the Man by starring in cereal commercials where little kids humiliate him just so he can infiltrate high society and bop the Man in the head.
Nepotism: Most of the producers/actors were related to one another as the show was, essentially, a family business. It's very telling that most of the show's breakout stars were the ones who had no blood connection to the Wayans in any way, shape, or form (Jim Carrey, David Alan Grier, Jamie Foxx, Jennifer Lopez, and Tommy Davidson).
Pet the Dog: While all of the other music video parodies are of the Take That! variety, the parody of "Saving the Best for Last" by Vanessa L. Williams was more of such to her detractors since she was able to make a successful career after the Miss America scandal and were rather complimentary of her.
Phrase-Catcher: Magenta Thompson's film roles are all bit parts where characters tell her, "Get out of my way, bitch!".
Promotion to Opening Titles: Marc Wilmore, a writer for the show who appeared in a number of sketches, became a cast member in the fifth and final season.
Race Lift: Most of the sketches that posed the question, "What if [X celebrity] was black?" Also, there was "All Up in the Family" and "East Hollywood Squares" from the final season.
Take That!: The show made fun of everything under the sun. Its main target was NBC's Saturday Night Live for underusing its African-American cast members at the time (such as Tim Meadowsnote though Tim Meadows would go on to be one of the most memorable cast members from 1995 to 2000 and Chris Rocknote who left SNL because of how underused he was and went on to do some In Living Color guest spots).
Typecasting: invoked One character named Magenta Thompson was an actress who always had roles where she is always pushed aside and told by the pusher to "get out of my way, bitch!" This happens even when she is a playing a coma patient, or a potential victim in the latest Friday the 13th film.
"I am really turned on by black men who wear beads. You may all come to my quarters for a coconut oil party."
Who's Your Daddy?: In "Three Champs and a Baby", the baby belonged to a woman named Judy, whom they made at a New Year's party (and each slept with her at different times). So they decided to take turns raising the baby.
Yo Mama: The recurring game show sketch The Dirty Dozens, where contestants use "Yo Mama" jokes against each other for cash and prizes.

We'll hide out, we'll see it coming
I'll know when you'll start running
And I won't let them suck you in
It's when you're dark brown eyes turn black

* Heat vs. Jazz in Miami could have been a boring affair. But any game with LeBron James is worthy watching, as the King put a show Monday night with yet another near triple-double and giving fans a bit of a scare with a minor injury in the second half. Read More
* The Buccaneers have been stifled on the ground in three of the past four weeks, putting more pressure on rookie quarterback Mike Glennon, something that has not led to positive results and is not what head coach Greg Schiano is looking for from his team. Read More
* The National Institutes of Health, with partial funding by the NFL, has chosen eight projects to receive support in researching concussions. Two $6 million grants will be given to a cooperative partnership focused on long-term changes in the brain years after a head injury or after multiple concussions. Read More
* Jaguars wide receiver Cecil Shorts missed Sunday’s loss to the Bills because of a groin injury, and he could be out for the remaining two games of the season. Read More

this game isn't in any retail stores or online best i can tell yet- we will definitely make a trainer for it when we get it.
German version is store.Isn't it?

In all our driving I have been curious to note the absence of road kill, unlike in Australia where it is usually profuse. It’s either testimony to Indian driving skills and their inherent patience with animals on the road, or the sub-quality roads slowing down the drivers, or both perhaps.
By this stage of our touring some of the group have succumbed to the inevitable unwellness. At breakfast, Canadian Rob admitted to his stomach feeling a little ‘available’ and others have started to monitor our stops on long drives more closely. Nevertheless we are all still looking forward to our New Year celebrations, which will coincide with our stop in Ranakpur.
Despite being in a fairly remote location, our hotel is putting on a huge buffet, bar and DJ. Given that we are the only western guests, this could be interesting.
Shivani is very keen for us to enjoy the festivities. ‘There will be lots of Punjabi music as well as Bollywood hits,’ she assures us. ‘Ladies, you must all come up to my room. I have some Indian clothes you can borrow for the night.’
At one point the DJ decided to put a few western numbers on such as Eye of the Tiger. I have to say, in comparison to the energy and speed of the Indian hits, the western music came across as dull and insipid. We were all glad when the DJ gave them a rest.
A few of the taller ones got up as a group, their bodies absorbing the beat immediately. They were all sexy hips and knees, elbows and arms in the air. Flashes of white teeth transmitted through the dark their enjoyment of the music and each other.
During the last song before midnight the floor was suddenly plunged into silence and darkness and we had male well-wishers pressing in on all sides. One of my erstwhile admirers clasped my hands politely wishing me a Happy New Year, but I later heard that 50-year-old Sarah was not treated so respectfully and had her nipples pinched for her trouble. Hmm. Playing hard to get paid off, it would seem.

“Immunizing first responders goes hand-in-hand with giving them the necessary tools and training to rapidly detect on-site the presence of anthrax or other deadly biogents and respond appropriately”
The issue was brought to the forefront recently at the annual EMS Today Conference in Baltimore, where Dr. Thomas Waytes, vice president at Emergent BioSolutions, raised the question: How can first responders provide necessary medical treatment following an anthrax attack while preserving their own health and safety?
Nasal swabs taken from the first responders on the scene at Senator Tom Daschle’s office following the anthrax letters on October 15, 2001, reveal that some of them had been exposed to the deadly bioweapon.

Honda Civic is one of the most popular and well known Honda cars, a classic compact car launched back in 1972. Among Honda cars, Civic takes place between the small Fit/Jazz and the mid-size Accord.
During its entire history, Civic has been fitted with a huge number of engines, and we will try right now to figure out everything about them. We won’t consider too old models, and we will start with the fifth generation.
In addition to common engines, there were more powerful versions. For the 9th gen Civic Si, 2.4-liter K24Z7 was offered, which could reach 208 HP. Version Civic Type R was much faster, the turbocharged 2.0-liter K20C1 engine was used here, its power reached 310 HP.
Here you will learn where Honda engines are made, which one is better, safer and more durable, as well as their specifications. Wikimotors will tell you about their main problems (noise, knocking sound, inability to start, rough idle, vibration, oil leaks), and ways to fix them, recommended oil type, its amount and replacement interval. You will also learn how to add power to the Civic engine, what mods are needed for this purpose, how much horsepower can be provided by various performance parts and upgrades, and more.

Here's something I didn't expect. Las Vegas doesn't really put on a show for the 4th of July. Huh. Imagine that! A holiday specifically designed for being loud and flashy at night and Las Vegas passes it by. Whodathunkit?!?
After that, it was pretty much a bunch of eating and gambling. I had dinner at Okana where the master chef was my own private sushi chef for the evening. OMG, it was fantastic! He made an exquisite nigiri of toro tuna with crushed pepper, then torched it to sear it and added some fresh lemon juice. It melted in my mouth -- simply amazing. There were other great delights there as well but that one was outstanding.
It ended up being pretty nice being there alone. I was able to relax, hang out by the pool, go shoot pictures, read, and gamble on my own schedule. I think next time I'll go with friends though -- much more fun at the tables with people you know.
The Hilton did have a fireworks display and I was able to watch it from my hotel room. It's pretty cool when you zoom in.
This is a statue in the near the waterfall. The hair looks amazing considering it's metal.

Burn extra calories to help lose weight and burn fat.

In February 2009 began a project led by the founder of Netscape, Marc Andreessen, with the sole idea of creating an Internet browser with full integration of social networks. If we consider that Andreessen has pioneered Internet browsers with Mosaic in the early 90s, we can expect a huge surprise for her new project: RockMelt
All I can say is that RockMelt is based on Chromium, the proposed free web browser which is based on Google Chrome, and is currently in private beta. You’ll need an invitation to try it …
You can update both your Twitter and Facebook accounts, interact on various sites, videos, photos and all the things you find on the Internet.
Here is the video presentation for you:
What do you think of this RockMeIt? Had you test it?
I have read lots and lots of articles about this browser and its functions, but I am yet to try this browser since I didn’t have an invitation. If you’ve one do send it to me.
Yes this is the best social browser for me.. I have got the invitation and have posted few posts related to this new browser. Every blogger will like this new browser. 🙂
I tried this browser and it is very crisp and bug free. All though not a revolutionary one The browser is really good.
something new. i think i would work good only if you have a wide screen and fast internet connection.
it’s a good browser…i started using it today..I think it can give competition to Google Chrome…
Boost Online Marketing Through Social Media December 24th, 2011
4 Most Effective Strategies to Help Succeed in Local SEO October 7th, 2013
Advantages and Disadvantages of Smart Card Technology July 30th, 2017

What's Best For A Country: Free Trade Or Protectionism?
What is the best way for a country to prosper economically? Should it adopt a policy of free trade or is it better to restrict competition from abroad?
"The School of Life" explores the history and theory of one of the central questions of economics and politics. Free Trade vs Protectionism - whether to encourage foreign goods into the country with minimum tariffs and allow industries to relocate abroad; or whether to make it hard for foreign firms to sell their goods internally and discourage domestic producers tempted by cheaper wages in other lands.
"The School of Life" is both a You Tube channel and a real-life school for adults. It is based in London, England.

Manual is more fun to drive with but I still got sport mode

The 1980s financial liberalization in the Nordic countries
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: In the Nordic countries (Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden), the prevalence of chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection is relatively low in the general population, but is much higher among people who inject drugs (PWID). We conducted an exploratory study...... within the same country. RESULTS: Stakeholders reported that three of the five study countries have national viral hepatitis strategies, while only Iceland has a national HCV elimination goal. The availability of harm reduction services varies, with opioid substitution therapy provided for the general...
Father's Rights to Paid Parental Leave in the Nordic Countries
The impact of Nordic countries' family friendly policies on employment, wages, and children
AIM AND BACKGROUND: The Nordic Liver Transplant Registry (NLTR) accounts for all liver transplants performed in the Nordic countries since the start of the transplant program in 1982. Due to short waiting times, donor liver allocation has been made without considerations of the model of end-stage...
An overview of current non-nuclear radioactive waste management in the Nordic countries and considerations on possible needs for enhanced inter-Nordic cooperation
-hanced Nordic cooperation within the area. The radiation safety authorities in the Nordic countries were all asked to produce a current status report including thoughts about possible needs for enhanced cooperation. The material was presented and discussed at a meeting in Copenhagen of rep-resentatives of NKS...
Avoidable cancer cases in the Nordic countries - The impact of overweight and obesity.
Development of School Achievement in the Nordic Countries during Half a Century
The aim is to describe the development of achievement in compulsory school in the Nordic countries from the 1960s. The study relies on published results concerning literacy and numeracy from the international large-scale assessments between 1964 and 2012. Among others, the following conclusions are drawn: (1) for most countries, a small butâ€¦
The authors discuss recent developments in services for people with intellectual disabilities (ID) in the Nordic countries. They note that all of the countries saw important reforms during the 1990s, regarding both deinstitutionalization and decentralization. However, they posit that the litmus test of the reforms is not what happens during reformâ€¦
Sex differences in child and adolescent mortality in the Nordic countries, 1981--2000
Drug addict deaths in the Nordic countries: a study based on medicolegally examined cases in the five Nordic countries in 1991
This paper analyses wage formation in the Nordic countries at the regional level by the use of micro-data. Our results deviate systematically from the main conclusions drawn by Blanchflower and Oswald (1994). We find no stable negative relation between wages and unemployment across regions in the...
Dimensions of the Wage-Unemployment Relationship in the Nordic Countries
Nature interpretation for children and young people in the Nordic Countries
Recirculating aquaculture systems (RAS) have gained increasing interest in recent years as a means to intensify fish production while at the same time minimize the environmental impact. Considerable hands-on experience has accumulated within the Nordic countries over the last 20-30 years in desig...... such as aquaponic systems appear to be feasible primarily when culturing more exotic species targeted for selected customers...
Experiences of storage of radioactive waste packages in the Nordic countries
The New Normal: Scandals as a Standard Feature of Political Life in Nordic Countries
All political scandals trigger discussions of trust, but in a competitive, commercial media climate, both important and minor legal offences as well as moral transgressions are regularly treated as scandalous media events. Today, actors in social media and mainstream media organizations can colla...... corruption, and personal behavior scandals, such as accusations of sexual harassment, constitute the most prominent scandal types. However, regarding sexually-related behavior scandals, there are interesting differences between the Nordic countries....
To explore the treatment of patients with early localized prostatic carcinoma, we surveyed the departments of urology and general surgery in Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden. Clinical policies and physicians' attitudes toward the radical treatment options varied widely between the countries. ...
, changes in consumption generally corresponded to changes in disease burden, but not to the same extent in Sweden and Norway. All countries had a similar disease pattern and the majority of DALYs were due to YLLs (62-76%), mainly from alcohol use disorder, cirrhosis, transport injuries, self-harm...
Development of voluntary private health insurance in Nordic countries - An exploratory study on country-specific contextual factors.
Use of Complementary and Alternative Medicine among People with Multiple Sclerosis in the Nordic Countries
Mortality and morbidity of poisonings in the Nordic countries in 2002
Challenges for work-based learning in vocational education and training in the Nordic Countries
Time trends and occupational variation in the incidence of testicular cancer in the Nordic countries.
Cesarean section trends in the Nordic Countries - a comparative analysis with the Robson classification.
Drug user organizations in the Nordic countries--local, national, and international dimensions.
Parents' labour market participation as a predictor of children's health and wellbeing: a comparative study in five Nordic countries
Research on workplace health promotion in the Nordic countries: a literature review, 1986-2008.
The common objectives of the European Nordic countries and the role of space
How well is the public sector performing? Are citizens being well served? This report compares the performance of nine public services in 28 developed countries over the period 1995-2009. Four sectors - education, health care, social safety and housing - are studied in some detail, while the
Sampling methods. A survey of methods in use in the Nordic countries
-for-gestational age (LGA) newborns; furthermore, the prevalence of both breast-feeding rates and correct infant feeding practices is lower in mothers with low levels of education. Opportunities to reduce the social gradient in health inequalities in Nordic countries by intervening during the first 1000 days...... to breastfeed exclusively for 6 months. Moreover, it is key for parents to learn about â€œanticipatory feedingâ€� methods and to know when, what and how much safe, nutritious foods to feed their infant. A more â€œjoined upâ€� health sector requires much better integration and communication between maternal and infant...... benefits. Central governments can initiate joined-up approaches through creating joint priorities and building social safety-nets for the most disadvantaged. This includes honouring pledges concerning the Convention of Rights of Child and other UN Resolutions, including the length of paid maternity leave...
The Nordic countries faced a food-borne outbreak of hepatitis A that started in October 2012 and was ongoing with 103 reported cases as of 27 June 2013. A caseâ€“control study in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden, combined with trace-back investigations, has identified frozen strawberries...
Drug costs and benefits of medical treatments in high-unmet need solid tumours in the Nordic countries
Commentaries: The Nordic welfare states aim at providing equality of the highest standards for all their citizens. However, numerous studies have demonstrated that socioeconomic inequalities in morbidity and mortality are not among the smallest in these countries as compared with other European
A 'Balanced' Life: Work-Life Balance and Sickness Absence in Four Nordic Countries.
EU Enlargement: Migration flows from Central and Eastern Europe into the Nordic countries - exploiting a natural experiment
Transfer of 137Cs to cows' milk in the Nordic countries
Assessing the link between health care utilisation in general practice and morbidity patterns in the elderly in the Nordic countries
Relative deprivation in the Nordic countries-child mental health problems in relation to parental financial stress
Parents' labour market participation as predictor of children's well-being: changes from 1984 to 1996 in the Nordic countries
Socio-economic inequality in preterm birth: a comparative study of the Nordic countries from 1981 to 2000
Fatal poisonings in young drug addicts in the Nordic countries: a comparison between 1984â€“1985 and 1991
Evaluation of the effects of green taxes in the Nordic countries. Results and method question
Time pressure among parents in the Nordic countries: a population-based cross-sectional study.
Increasing incidence of thyroid cancer in the Nordic countries with main focus on Swedish data.
The association between nutritional conditions during World War II and childhood anthropometric variables in the Nordic countries.
to obtain national and comparable Nordic data, as well as data to compare with earlier studies in 2002, 1997, and 1991. Norway had the highest incidence of drug addict deaths by poisoning followed by Denmark, with 8.24 and 6.92 per 100,000 inhabitants, respectively. The death rates in Finland (4...
Why Aren't All Children in the Nordic Countries Bilingual?
Food waste quantification in primary production - The Nordic countries as a case study.
Accelerating energy efficiency improvement in the public sector, using Energy Performance Contracting - a workshop on Nordic experiences and needs for improvements
Background: Little attention has been given to the relationship between work-life balance and sickness absence. Objective: To investigate the association between poor work-life balance and sickness absence in 4 Nordic welfare states. Methods: Multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed on pooled cross-sectional data of workers aged 15â€“65 years from Denmark, Finland, Sweden, and Norway (n=4186) obtained from the 2010 European Working Conditions Survey (EWCS). Poor work-lif...
A Cultural History of the Avant-Garde in the Nordic Countries 1950-1975
Video mediated teaching of young students in peripheral regions of the Nordic countries - a discussion of problems and potentials
Current use of ultrasound for central vascular access in children and infants in the Nordic countries--a cross-sectional study
Little is known about causes of Wilms tumor. Because of the young age at diagnosis, several studies have looked at various birth characteristics. We conducted a registry-based case-control study involving 690 cases of Wilms tumor aged 0-14 years, occurring in Denmark, Finland, Norway or Sweden...... during 1985-2006, individually matched to five controls drawn randomly from the Nordic childhood population. Information on birth characteristics was obtained from the population-based medical birth registries. We estimated odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using conditional logistic......-for-gestational age girls also had a higher risk (2.48, 1.51-4.05), whereas no effect was seen for boys (1.12, 0.60-2.07). An association was seen with Apgar score at 5 min birth order. In our large-scale, registry...
Recently, in the wake of the Bologna Declaration and similar international initiatives, there has been a rapid increase in the number of university courses and programmes taught through the medium of English. Surveys have consistently shown the Nordic countries to be at the forefront of this trend towards English-medium instruction (EMI). In thisâ€¦
by palpation and diagnostic imaging of the neck. We investigated the current practice of the initial radiological work-up of patients with oral squamous cell carcinomas (OSCC) in the Nordic countries. Methods. A questionnaire regarding the availability and use of guidelines and imaging modalities...
Public Education and Growth in Developing Countries
Plants as De-Worming Agents of Livestock in the Nordic Countries: Historical Perspective, Popular Beliefs and Prospects for the Future
Wine prices in the Nordic countries: Are they lower than in the region of origin?
The association of employment status and family status with health among women and men in four Nordic countries.
Long-term survival in patients hospitalized for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a prospective observational study in the Nordic countries
Associations between parents' subjective time pressure and mental health problems among children in the Nordic countries: a population based study.
Acute Myeloid Leukemia in Adolescents and Young Adults Treated in Pediatric and Adult Departments in the Nordic Countries.
Night-shift work and hematological cancers: a population based case-control study in three Nordic countries.
Welfare, social justice, and equality in educational settings in the Nordic countries
Sex differences in child and adolescent mortality by parental education in the Nordic countries.
Methods for mapping recreational and social values in urban green spaces in the nordic countries and their comparative merits for urban planning
Partial sick leave--review of its use, effects and feasibility in the Nordic countries.
The pursuit of a remedy for gender inequality in wider Europe: Comparison of policies and indices in the EU, Nordic countries, and south east Europe
Parent Attitudes to Children's L1 Maintenance. A Cross-Sectional Study of Immigrant Groups in the Nordic Countries.
Tackling the tobacco epidemic in the Nordic countries and lower cancer incidence by 1/5 in a 30-year period-The effect of envisaged scenarios changing smoking prevalence.
Occupational exposure to asbestos and risk of cholangiocarcinoma: a population-based case-control study in four Nordic countries.
the model c/x. All-disease mortality represents an alternative tool to study the impact of age. All results are based on published data. Keywords: mortality, age, all diseases, external causes, Nordic countries
A 12-Year Follow-up on the Long-Term Effectiveness of the Quadrivalent Human Papillomavirus Vaccine in 4 Nordic Countries
Pros and cons of an expansion of the natural gas system in the Nordic Countries - sensitivity analysis of the scenario results from stage one of the Nordleden project
Concerns and future challenges of health literacy in the Nordic countries - From the point of view of health promotion practitioners and researchers.
Cross-country learning in public procurement : An exploratory study
All countries use public procurement to some degree to further policy objectives such as sustainability, innovation, fighting fraud and corruption, value for taxpayersâ€™ money etc. Countries may learn from past successes and failures in other countries while implementing these policies: cross-country
Analysis of Public Sector Efficiency in Developed Countries
Significant differences between the Nordic laws on public access to documents
within 2 years of the conference. Less is known about the relative difference between countries in regards to likelihood of publication. Methods: Using a validated automated computer algorithm, we searched the ISI Web of Science to identify peer-reviewed publications of abstracts presented at the AHA...... observed a significant variation among countries in terms of odds of subsequent publication (Figure). Conclusions: Our results show that conversion of science from an abstract into a peer-reviewed publication varies significantly by country. Local national initiatives should be deployed in order to break...
A revision of the history of the Colletotrichum acutatum species complex in the Nordic countries based on herbarium specimens.
Changes in the thermal growing season in Nordic countries during the past century and prospects for the future
Birth characteristics and Wilms tumors in children in the Nordic countries: a register-based case-control study.
Trends in testicular cancer incidence in the Nordic countries with a special focus on the recent decrease in Denmark
to increases with each consecutive birth cohort in each country. In Denmark, a decline in incidence was observed during the past 5 years, and men born around 1943 and around 1968 showed lower incidences than men born just before or just after these dates. These birth-cohort effects were seen both for seminoma...
The formation of parliamentarism in the Nordic countries from the Napoleonic Wars to the First World War
This chapter analyses the conceptual clusters that have been formed in the debates over parliamentary government in Denmark, Finland and Sweden. The aim is to bring forth a transnational view by paying attention to the ways in which the parliamentary life of other countries was referred to and co...
Changes in the social context and conduct of eating in four Nordic countries between 1997 and 2012
Strategies for public health research in European Union countries.
Broadcasting (PSB) financing regimes in Europe, concluding that Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden may still be considered conventional, licence fee PSB countries, but with some interesting differences in relation to competitive and market oriented alternatives of resource provision......Recently several European countries have abolished the traditional public service licence fee system, replacing it with direct public funding. But except for Iceland, the Nordic countries have not followed suit. The article discusses this development within a comparative framework of Public Service...
The association between economic recession and public support for increased tobacco taxation in 27 European countries.
Climate change impacts on runoff and hydropower in the Nordic countries. Final report from the project 'Climate change and energy production'

The MS degree in packaging science is designed to educate packaging professionals to become experts in the packaging development process. Students learn how to select raw materials, design, and create packaging to withstand environmental hazards during transportation, and to create aesthetically pleasing packages to pique consumer interest. Through a combination of theoretical and application-focused learning experiences, students gain comprehensive knowledge related to packaging design, package testing, product marketing, project management, and quality control.
To be considered for admission to the MS program in packaging science, candidates must fulfill the following requirements:
Have a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 (or equivalent) in the final two years of undergraduate course work.
Graduate Record Exam (GRE) scores are not required. However, in cases where there may be some question of the capability of an applicant to complete the program, applicants may wish to submit scores to strengthen their application.
Students who do not have an equivalent bachelor’s degree in packaging science will be evaluated and the appropriate undergraduate bridge courses will be prescribed. These courses may not be used for credit toward the MS degree.
Applicants are required to have one semester of physics (mechanics focus), one semester of calculus, one year of chemistry (including organic chemistry), statistics, and basic computer literacy.
The MS program in packaging science is designed to meet the needs of both professionals who have been employed in the field and for students who wish to pursue a graduate program immediately upon earning a BS degree.
The project has a practical, application-oriented grounding in literature. It is considered secondary research or the compilation of existing information presented in a new way. The project option is for students who desire advanced study in packaging science, but who do not intend to pursue a research career or further studies beyond the master’s level.
The student’s graduate committee will make the final decision regarding the project and whether it meets the program’s requirements as a graduate project or thesis.
* For students who chose the graduate project option, an additional elective course must be completed.
Have aminimum 3.0 (B) grade-point average in their final two years of undergraduate degree work,
Submit official transcripts (in English) from all previously completed undergraduate and graduate course work, and
Graduate Record Exam scores are not required. However, in cases where there may be some question of the capability of an applicant to complete the program, applicants may wish to submit scores to strengthen their application.
The executive leader option is an intensive program for industry professionals that focuses on the application of packaging technology in the supply chain. The structure of the program provides individuals with an opportunity to obtain an MS degree without interrupting their employment.
The executive leader option consists of one two-week summer session on campus, course work completed online, and a research project, which may be conducted over two consecutive summers. In addition to the stated application requirements admission to the executive leader option requires the endorsement of senior management/administrative personnel from the applicant’s employer. Candidates are encouraged to align the program’s research project goals with current job responsibilities.

There are some cases where females are also advised of the testosterone replacement therapy but in very small doses as compared to the men. Many females also avoid taking testosterone as they fear the androgenic side effects of it and then there are those who take it for faster muscle gains, strength and fat loss.
There are many ways to increase production of testosterone if a person is suffering from low T levels. The common way to do so is usage of prescription drugs. Even in the treatments like TRTs or testosterone replacement therapy, prescription drugs are commonly used. There are many other options as well. Some o them are usage of gels, lotions, creams, and injections.
If a user is not interested or willing to use prescription medications, then they can also go for over the counter nutritional supplements. These medications contain herbal ingredients, minerals, and vitamins rather hormones. These medications help in providing a support to the pituitary gland and even to the entire endocrine system.
Through performing a blood test doctors can determine the low T levels in men. 300 to 1000 nanograms per deciliter is considered as the average levels in men. But this must be decided based on the person’s age.
If the testosterone level for a person is within this range them physicians may not recommend the person with testosterone cypionate injections. In case if the doctor recommends such injections then it is very important to understand the effects of the injections before starting the dose.
There are many reasons behind this. Main thing is use of performance enhancers is always discourage by medical professionals. Along with this these injections come with serious side effects, and there are high chances of abuse, overuse, and misuse.

00:57:50  <PublicServer> <Mazur> WE left some stuff for you to do, if you like.
01:03:30  <PublicServer> <Mazur> Ah, ok.  I won't be around later, though, want to be up in time to do some leisurely groceries.
14:58:14  <Hazzard> It really does take a long time
15:02:04  <Hazzard> I can't be bothered to make it look nice
18:09:43  <soloswitch> hi all, just a quick question, could someone explain to me what the lev 4 'evil mode' is?
18:15:24  <soloswitch> one more thing, what would you consider the average train length used in #coop?
18:17:02  <soloswitch> hope to see you all at one point, bye!
22:19:10  <PublicServer> <Mazur> I love it when a plan comes together.
23:13:49  <PublicServer> <Mazur> Then I'd have loved to see where they were supposed to go to find out what conenction is missing somewhere.
23:57:15  <Mazur> But that took way too long, even if it was failing.

I am pleased to introduce you to Megan Foreman. Megan blogs at Surviving the Real World. After you read her post here, be sure and go to her blog to check out some of her other words. Thanks Megan!
Growing up in church, you heard these messages:
“Once you’re in Christ, everything will be great!”
And then you become an adult, only to realize how misguided the messages are.
For most growing up with these catch-phrase sermons, the message never circles around to what it means to truly have a relationship with The Lord.
Instead, you’re taught to be a “good” Christian.
I was taught to be the “right” kind of Christian
I grew up going to church. I was in Sunday school every week. I sat quietly in the back of the room, listening to my parents’ small group discussions. I colored in the pictures of Peter walking on water and bread broken to feed thousands.
I knew all the words to “Jesus Loves Me” by age 4 and had John 3:16 memorized by age 6. I never doubted Christ’s love or God’s existence.
At the age of 13, it seems pretty straightforward. Avoid drinking, drugs and sex, and you’ll be fine. Ask forgiveness as soon as a curse word slips through your lips, and you’re back on His good side. Gossiping is bad, unless it’s your Sunday school teacher talking to your mom about one of the other kids’ parents (then it’s just story telling).
Eventually, we realize how unrealistic it all is.
Our eyes open to the gap between the “church world” and the “real world.”
There’s too much pain, hypocrisy and reality for the Sunday school mindset to hold up.
This realization leads to an inevitable fork in the road.
My heart was hurting, and I had a choice to make.
Or, I could walk down path two – say, “screw it,” and do everything in my power to avoid Christians and Christianity altogether.
At first, I chose to walk down path one – stay in the church
Fight harder. Sin less. Talk about Jesus more. Feel dead inside because I haven’t earned the right to feel alive.
The advice comes to “fight for your relationship” with Jesus. There must be unrepentant sin in your life, or you wouldn’t be feeling this way.
So, you put on a mask. The “good” mask. Always smiling, never in serious pain. When it’s time for prayer requests, it’s always about someone else’s pain or, at worse, a shallow personal struggle. Real pain is too dangerous because it might let the mask slip. Open the door for condemnation. Allow them to see the “truth” – that you’re just a common sinner.
I’ve realized some people can keep this mask on their entire lives. They can reach old age never admitting fault of any kind. Never letting the mask drop.
I tried walking down this path for a while. It seemed to be working. I sat with my youth group friends and made fun of the “bad” kids partying on the weekends or making out just a little too long in the hallways.
I commit one of the “unforgiveable” sins, and my friends made sure I knew it. I was out. Everyone knew. I was a sinner and there was nothing I could do to change that.
My only choice was to change course for the second path
The other side of the road is the “screw it” side. Living how you want. Avoiding “Christians” at all cost. They’ve made it clear you’ll never be good enough to get into heaven, so why bother pretending? You put on the mask of the “bad” Christian.
Your old youth group friends said skipping church would lead to drinking and drug use. Well, it’s expected, so why not? Dating an atheist or agnostic would lead to premarital sex. Well, it’s already been established you’re going to hell, so why deny yourself any of life’s pleasures?
I lived this way for a number of years. It worked out well for a while, and I made plenty of new friends and boyfriends while I was walking down this road. But, inevitably, even this mask became too heavy to hold up.
Two paths head off in different directions, but everyone ends up in the same place
A hard heart, a thick mask, and the realization that you have no idea who Christ actually is. That your entire life is built by other people’s expectations.
On one side, you fight every day to prove your place in church. To meet what’s expected of a “good” Christian.
On the other side, you do whatever it takes to avoid the Christian life. To meet what’s expected of someone who’s rejected Christianity and all it stands for.
He sees our hurting hearts. He hears our cries. He knows what’s behind the mask and how to break through.
But it involves breaking us first.
He tears down the walls we build around our hearts.
My friends, who I depended on for acceptance, all left my life for one reason or another. The guys I had clung to for affirmation and (what I thought was) love no longer wanted anything to do with me.
And that’s when he lifted my chin off the floor and looked right into my eyes. He reached out His hand. He said he loves me. Always has, always will.
He’s been here all along. And now, I was going to find out exactly what it means to be like Christ. Not a “good Christian,” but a person whose focus is on Him, and Him alone.
All I had to do was take His hand. So I did.
And that’s why so many people resist at first. Because His transformation isn’t what we’re brought up to believe.
It’s the exact opposite, in fact.
Yes, we’re being transformed so that we can be made alive in Him. But first, we have to totally die to our old way of life (Romans 12:1-2).
Even David understood the pain of growing in the Lord when he said “many are the afflictions of the righteous,” but he reminds us, “The Lord delivers him out of them all (Psalm 34:19),”
We don’t want to leave path #1 because then we’ll be “found out”. When nobody knows the pain and the secrets, nobody can judge the mistakes. But hiding alone means suffering alone. There’s nobody to pray with and nobody to offer spiritual guidance.
We don’t want to leave path #2 because giving up the life we’ve built for ourselves is too hard. It’s just not fair. Our friends are still living as they choose. They don’t have to give up “fun” nights out to get up early for church. They don’t lose out on dates because of their convictions.
But they’re also missing out on the gift of truly knowing Jesus.
We’re giving up a few fun nights in this world, but gaining a renewed relationship.
Life in the Word means opening your eyes wide to the hypocrisy, the pain caused by “Christians” in God’s name and the heartache so casually dismissed.
But you gain the peace and wisdom of God. That which is pure, peace-loving, considerate, submissive, full of mercy and good fruit, impartial and sincere (James 3:17). You learn to test the guidance of leaders. You learn to discern the Lord’s voice from your own desires (Romans 12:2).
To finally learn what the bible means when it calls you a “new creation” in Christ. Where sins aren’t tallied up for punishment and reconciliation is the standard (2 Corinthians 5:17-20).
To take off the mask and live authentically – as the free person He created you to be.
It breaks my heart that so many are brought up without truly knowing who He is. They’re told stories, memorize the verses and read the “do this, not that” instruction guide.
On the outside, they look shiny and new.
But on the inside, their hearts are breaking. Their hearts are hardening under the pressure of hypocrisy, unrealistic expectations and a misrepresentation of who Christ really is.
That’s why it’s so important to learn the Word for yourself
It will hurt. It won’t be easy.
But it will be flooded by grace and overwhelmed by mercy.
Whether you’re a “good” Christian learning to be real, or a “bad” Christian learning to accept His forgiveness and love, there’s always hope.
What do you think? Leave a comment for Megan.
Subscribe to receive new posts and a FREE eBook via e mail

Greetings! My name is Scooter, and my foster granny says that the first thing I should tell you about myself is that I purr on contact. Indeed that is correct, for I love to be picked up and petted, and I will instantly reward you with sweet, and sometimes loud, purring. In addition, I'm an especially skilled lap warmer, which will be a real plus as the cold weather rolls in.
I am set to be neutered and microchipped in late November, so I'll be ready for you to take me home in early December. Be sure to check out my other photos to see just how cute I am. Don't wait, act now!
Hello, my name is Tinker Bell and I am looking for a forever home to call my own. I am currently at the Chatham County Animal Shelter waiting to meet my new family! If you are looking for a new companion to spend your days with, please come to meet me!
Cat adoption fee is $90 and includes micro-chip, spay or neuter, vaccines, FIV/FeLV test. At the Chatham County Animal Control shelter it is first come first served, holds are not allowed, in person or over the phone. The shelter is open for adoptions from 11-4 Monday thru Friday and on Saturday from 8-12.
This animal is at the Chatham County Animal Shelter. It is listed as a courtesy and CARE is not responsible for any problems with the animal or with the adoption process.
I believe I've found an awesome family. Adoption pending!
I was born in Chapel Hill with my siblings and the nice people brought me to CARE.
I am ready for my new home and would love to be the addition to your family that makes you smile!
I will be spayed, microchipped and up-to-date on vaccines when I am adopted.
Can't wait to find my new family who will love me as much as my foster family does.
Hello, my name is Jalapeno and I am looking for a forever home to call my own. I am currently at the Chatham County Animal Shelter waiting to meet my new family! If you are looking for a new companion to spend your days with, please come to meet me!
Hello, my name is Paisley and I am looking for a forever home to call my own. I am currently at the Chatham County Animal Shelter waiting to meet my new family! If you are looking for a new companion to spend your days with, please come to meet me!
For more information about Stormy call Jill at 919-210-3092 or click on my photo to complete an application for me.
Hello, my name is Tostada and I am looking for a forever home to call my own. I am currently at the Chatham County Animal Shelter waiting to meet my new family! If you are looking for a new companion to spend your days with, please come to meet me!
Hello, my name is Quesadilla and I am looking for a forever home to call my own. I am currently at the Chatham County Animal Shelter waiting to meet my new family! If you are looking for a new companion to spend your days with, please come to meet me!
Hello, my name is Chip and I am looking for a forever home to call my own. I am currently at the Chatham County Animal Shelter waiting to meet my new family! If you are looking for a new companion to spend your days with, please come to meet me!
Hello, my name is Dorito and I am looking for a forever home to call my own. I am currently at the Chatham County Animal Shelter waiting to meet my new family! If you are looking for a new companion to spend your days with, please come to meet me!
Hello, my name is Pepper and I am looking for a forever home to call my own. I am currently at the Chatham County Animal Shelter waiting to meet my new family! If you are looking for a new companion to spend your days with, please come to meet me!
I am a fluffy boy -- not quite medium hair but almost! I will be the life of your party and light of your life.
For more information, call Jill at 919-210-3092 or click on my photo to submit an application for me!
Hi, I'm Mary Margaret. I'm told I have a beautiful round face and very expressive eyes. Not bad for a lovely 12 yr. old experienced senior girl if I do say so myself. I know what I like too. Just give me a nice warm lap, lots of rubs, add some neck scratching in there, and some potted plants to lounge in and I am one happy lady!
Mary Margaret is one of Sue Edward's kitties. She's a sweetheart, with a voice that makes her sound grumpy, but she's not one bit. Mary Margaret loves the out of doors and lots of attention.
Possum will be neutered at the end of August and will be available for adoption soon after.
My very favorite activities are wrestling with my brother, snuggling with the big kitties, rubbing on the dogs, scratching on my cat tree, and racing through the house. My favorite toy is a ping pong ball. I love batting balls around the house, I have excellent ball handling skills and would make a great kitty soccer player. Maybe you can set up a goal for me and teach me some tricks!
Little Bear will be neutered at the end of August and will be available for adoption soon after.
Lemon does have some scar tissue over her right eye. She was taken to an eye specialist and the conclusion was she is doing great and it doesn't seem to bother her. There is no need to do surgery and she will continue to thrive.
They kittens have been living in another household with adult cats, dogs and kids and does well with all of them.
Spayed, microchipped and up-to-date on vaccinations.

See, wasn't that long after all!
If you've used our jam jar tealights, tell us what you love about them most in the comments section below and we'll send a free Jam Jar Tealight Pack (2 jars + 8 candles) to the winning comment. Winner drawn at 5pm tomorrow - Tuesday, 28th October 2014.
Once again, his stand was spectacular. I always love the juxtaposition of our rusting & rustic, grounded, modern, angular, bold, almost masculine stand in a space the size of 6 football fields full of stands with white and chrome displays. It is always telling that I get just as many enquiries from people wanting to buy elements of the stand (including the plants which most people think are fake until I point out the spiders webs that the spiders are creating around the candles)!
With no further ado, following are some images of our stand. You can buy the individual towers from ByJoost.
Unfortunately this year my laptop camera chose that exact moment to not work, so this year we have a series of photographs of the stand set to beautiful music and employing all the clever little tricks that iMovie allows you to use.
The Greenhouse uses light gauge steel, roll formed on site, to create a building shell that is very strong, naturally termite resistant and 100% recyclable.
The light fittings are made from old fencing wire (and will be filled with a bespoke designed Queen B candle that we're working on at the moment). Even the flooring which was being (painstakingly) laid when I visited the other day is recycled... made from old conveyor belts!
I'll sign off with an image of Joost himself sitting atop The Greenhouse (he had just bounded up the frame of the staircase in about 20 seconds, only to have to come back down again to find me gingerly trying to make my way up without falling through)!
Whilst all of this may seem very "big business" (what an extraordinary building site), actually the Greenhouse is one big risky dream being undertaken by Joost and his wife Jennie. Yes, they have supporters - we need to thank Sydney Harbour Foreshore Authority for making this one happen - but, actually they have a lot of their own capital at risk with this project. Like most small businesses, they rely on fans to spread the word and support the cause. You can support Joost and the Greenhouse on Facebook and Twitter.
Better still, if you're in Sydney, why not pop by for a look, a drink and a meal (check the opening hours on their website).
The Greenhouse has its official opening this Wednesday (9th Feb) and will be open to the public from Saturday (12th Feb)... hopefully I'll see you there. xx

Reporting to the Head of Technical Asset Management, the Hydroelectric Technical Asset Manager will be responsible for:
- Coordination with local communities with regard to the implementation of social plans.
- Engineering degree, preferably focused on electricity.
- Candidates should have a thorough technical expertise in hydroelectric plants.
- Extensive network of contacts within the electric energy sector in Mexico. - Interest in solar PV energy will be considered a plus.
A permanent full-time job position, and the possibility to work in a dynamic, fast growing Company in the field of the Renewable Energies within an international environment contributing to create a positive change in the world.

By the time this final episode ended I had a steady stream of tears making its way down my face. Never in a million years did I ever think ke a serial I had raved and ranted about with just as much passion, a drama I loved and hated in equal measures would end on such a note. Wali’s death was as foregone conclusion but I never thought it would affect me so.
Thank you Team Numm! Thank you for these 40 minutes of non-stop laughter … you just made it so much more easy to bid farewell to one of the most bipolar serials of recent times!
So yea, if it isn’t clear already, I am way beyond disappointed at how this serial ended. No, I don’t mean the story itself, that reached its logical conclusion, rather my beef lies with the way it was executed. I know direction has gone up, down, left, right and center all throughout, but up until today every episode had a few brilliant moments scattered here and there which would help assuage my general annoyance. This time around though the finale was just a complete washout.
To wrap up, suffice it to say that for a serial that started on a very high note, Numm oscillated between extremes a bit too frequently, not to mention too comfortably. A very promising story, some of the best actors in the business, a lovely OST, and an experienced director at the helm, all these elements together should have made for a mega hit.
Bechari N …now i understand what her role was – to get rid of BS by none other than himself. Lekin please somebody tell me, where did they find this doctor from. She was swaying as if singing a song in her heart thinking she will get to see Wali.
And ofcourse so many loose ends.. Perhaps it would be nice to hear from one from team numm why we never got to see the rest of the picture… I really hope there is some logical explaination.. (Ok i sound like too much of an optimist.. Lol)
But having said all that i will miss our hillarious discussions.. No matter what I used to look forward to numm every saturday… Thanks to everyone here and @sz for letting us go wild!
ShukarAllah, it’s over. I stopped watching a while ago and was biding the time until I knew the actors would be released from this abonimation to intelligent storytelling. And thank goodness FAK and everyone else on this project can now move on. No more need be said. A highlight reel of the scenes you found worthy would be nice, but I’m in no rush to search that out either. On to the next!!
uff thanks @SZ for making me laugh so much!!
@FA: Thank you! Glad you enjoyed it 🙂 I don’t know about you all but I need something utterly nonsensical like this to help make sense of what we saw in the final episode!
The last scene when FK opens the door and SS smiles and shows him the baby was just perfect. I guess most of us wanted that perfect ending even though it turned out to be only a ‘khayal’. So many unanswered questions and so many loose ends.
@Afia – haha, lets see how great this movie turns out to be.
@hahahah well said but no guarantee here he will get a script to do justice to his talent 😛
hope he keeps bouncing to and fro.
@FA the door scene….he was wearing a blue shirt when he opened it for N.
perfect song to dedicate!! 🙂 but the host is way too talkative.
@SZ, after watching the episode,when I read ur review, I thought I had reached parallel universe of Numm where you were moved and were crying. It took a second or two to realise that you were being sarcastic. We are very grateful to you for providing us this forum to rant and rant and rant about “Numm-b”
Waise, looking back at last few episodes, did it not seem very disjointed. Nobody had scenes with N apart from the fazool family together. It was as if everyone was deliberately trying not to be seen in same frame as N.
@OMG PG you are hilarious and you have echoed my thoughts exactly. I even did not bother to see the last episode for I know it has not answered to my many questions are not brought the story to a logical ending. At the same time must congratulate Numm-b FB page of creating such a halo around the serial and making it sound as if it was the best thing happening in the TV. By the gracious of God it is over, amen.
@PG: Indeed that was the most memorable dialogue of the drama. MJ and Wali had better be the main characters of this serial. It would be a slap in the face if N walked away as the main character.
then it goes on to say what other programmes were on that night.. (not following any of those but perhaps they were trying to say numm was just a notch or two better than those lolol)
@PG: Your comment summed up all of what we ranted and raved about all these 18 weeks … and I’m not sure, but weren’t you the one who started us off on the mumkins … if that is so, then a huge thank you to you for adding to our drama watching vocab as we now look for the mumkins in everything we watch 🙂
And then I woke up!!!! Ha Ha. While reading the blog, I was just wondering do they really believe by writing such stories or articles they will change audience perception about the drama. They are just looking like fools by doing this.
@SZ: Great review! Agree with every word!! I was “way beyond disappointed” too!! I mean what was that they gave us as the finale?? Even if we were prepared to be left with a lot of loose ends, they could not even offer a decent, well-connected, un-choppy last episode to the serial we were so loyal to. That was the ultimate nail in the coffin!!!
I can go on and on ranting…..the entire episode was a trash….at every turn I kept thinking something good will come now only to get a little more of the same…..too bad! Can you imagine, they even cheated us of the much awaited “walk in the ruins” scene!!
@RR and @FA, atleast one thing, for which we all have to be thankful to Numm for, introducing all of us to each other. Making us better writers, editors, mathematicians etc.
Let me know if that works.. If not ill send u the link
And yes! now that you are here, dont go back to being a silent reader .. so much more fun this way, no? I think MSKSH will give us plenty to discuss … 25 eps I hear.. and looking at all of Nabeel’s leechar relatives I think we will have plenty to discuss there … looking forward to more gup shup! 🙂
– Instead of the long flashback, mirror watching, etc. why not invest more to story?
@IamFarahz: Come and watch the newly started Muhabbat Subh Ka Sitara Hai …. Can’t promise that its going to be a great watch, but should be a good one to discuss.. are you following that one?
I thank you so much for all your help. I enjoyed the discussion and learn a lot. SZ your are great. Hope to hear from you. Mary Chirstmas and Happy NEW year.
@Ranjan: Happy Holidays to you as well 🙂
Yes, Numm left us with a tom of unanswered questions and I think we’ll just have to reconcile ourselves to never knowing what exactly happened to whom when …
As for Vani: Not an everyday occurrence but still does happen.. and its not just vani there are so many other crimes that perpetrated against women in our societies, all in the name of preserving patriarchal honor..
There was another drama called Vani that aired a few years ago.. have you seen that? Check it out if you havent …Its a well done story…
Hi SZ you are so nice!!! satisfying all my curiosity and I am thankful for that praying to god that we meet someday. Thank you very much. I read about women who suffer in India a lot to so I guess it is all over the world women and children are the victims. So sad. I will visit your forum because I love the way you write.
I know answers are very hard to come by, so am glad it’s finally over!!! The comments were the best part of this whole experience:)
@SK .. bas yaar … at the very least we got some beautiful moments here and there and had some good laughs … now on to the next serial 🙂
I thought KW was better in this episode, the only actor I didn’t find convincing this time was….wait for it…UP!
Agree with the gazzilion loopholes and unanswered questions. I actually feel pity for the writer who wrote such a beautiful story which didn’t receive the applause it deserved because of bad execution. Heck, I feel cheated ! I expected and wanted this serial to be big because after such a long time there was a diff story and it was spoiled so badly.
Why don’t we start off by thanking God ke this didn’t stretch forever like Ashk.
A very apt review for this finale. Although i didn’t follow this drama as closely as others, made sure to never miss your reviews! They were a lot more interesting then the episodes anyway! 🙂
At times wanted to chime into the discussions but with so much going on i’d always get lost so gave up!
Everything else, like you all said, left no impact whatsoever. Honestly speaking, don’t have a single clue what went on in this drama.
Oh that iFawad on twitter and instagram is a fake acct … he is not on any of the social media platforms.. his FB page is the only authentic source and that too is mostly updated by his management team.
Even if you are not following any other dramas regularly, do keep in touch. I hope you will drop in from time to time to say hi 🙂
1. How did MJ become a vaani, what happened to her brother? The story writer may not have any plausible explanation for that so we need to be a thinking audience and use our imagination as to what happened and connect the dots.
4. What purpose was served in killing W? A thinking audience would be able to figure out that they were trying to punish BS for crimes that he did not start.
@db: LOL!! And here I was happy that we were the “thinking audience!” I seriously hope somebody comes and gives us some answers….
And thinking audience or not,we, here on the blog, were some of the most vocal supporters of Numm right from the get go, but the final episode….I think your questions sum it all up so well!!
@db lol.. i think we, the thinking and like @sz puts it the most loyal audience, have numm-ed our brains trying to work out everything so far.. we def deserve some answers.. thanks for listing those questions. I’d like to add a few more to ur list in hope that someone might just come forward and relieve us of our misery lol
10. What happenned to N’s father?… We were lead to believe had something to do with the bloodshed and N got involved.
@FA Thanks for adding the other questions.
@SZ A big shout out to you for sticking with us and giving us those wonderful reviews. If not for your reviews and this forum I would have given up on Numm a long time ago. After this disaster I think it will take me a long time to get back to seeing drama’s again
I will have to disagree with you this was simply a badly made drama as to thinking audience well I am sure that is just a clever psychological trick to cover their own shoddy work . As in: who wants to admit they are not a thinking audience so hey ofcourse we understand it otherwise it would be an admission of our own lack of intelligence. The points raised by every commentor on this and other blogs including yourself are valid . This director lost the narrative around episode 8 but let’s face it we were watching it to see Fawad ka mubarak chehra every week. I for one refuse to be manipulated by such rhetoric
Why ?? Was it because these two were ‘parchi/ sifarshi girls? if so , should not the Director have put his foot down? After all it is his status and position that is at stake here?
At least this proves one thing. Good looks, a grand cast, a good story or the name of a Director alone does not make a good serial. It has to be cohesive along with dedication and hard work from the Director. I am sure Ahson Talish just dropped by on the sets off and on and left the work to his assistants because I cannot imagine how could we have this ‘Haleem and Khichra’ served to us week after week.
Please will some one let me know once it is diagnosed whether W had the hots for MJ or not?? This one factor still gives me sleepless nights! Can some one contact the writer to let us know the unanswered questions? That is one good deed I will always be grateful for!
@YF, You have asked that one question the answer to which every avid watcher of this drama has been asking from episode 1. If we go by last 3-4 episodes, it looks like a platonic relationship which is in stark contrast with the smoldering looks between the two and the iconic hair clip. Wasie the makers might have thought that FK and hair clip have a cosmic connection and may make the drama a hit.
If someone knows the writer, even i desperately want to know about the relationship between the two.
I think this drama was cut short as it was a total flop, the last episode was hatched together and that is why it was so disjointed and unsatisfying and left us with so many unanswered questions.
First of all thank you so much for stopping by and taking ur time to read our comments.. Honestly im really excited to see that we can finally get some answers!
Most of us here had fallen in love with the initial pitch and the idea of the story and were faithful to numm throughout hoping to see some answers!.. Right till the very end..But for obvious reasons we were utterly disappointed!
Sorry to hear that the script was massaccared.. Its really sad to see such hoshposh of a job done to something that could’ve been a master-piece!
@FA: LOL!!! Our response are almost identical!
Lovely to see you here! Thank you so much for heeding our request and responding, and for taking the time to read through our comments.. much appreciated!
If you have the time and don’t responding, I think most of us here would love to get answers to a few questions that we asked week after week :
3. How was Q’s existence kept a secret for so long?
4. Where did he disappear in the end?
5. Why was Minahil there? Was there a reason for why she got so much screen time?
LOL! Sorry for the avalanche of questions .. but we’ve been carrying these questions with us for so long ke even really short answers would be really appreciated!
Thank you so much for stopping by and giving all our unending queries a read. It’s sad to know that the script had not been executed the way it was written, and our furore on this forum about the loopholes in every episode clearly goes on to show how frustrated we all were with it. No need to vent it out again.
Apart from SZ’s and FA’s question, there’s one more I have. Could you please tell who ALLAH rakhi was? Wali visited her grave once but then again there was no semblance of character in the drama. This is the only question I have other than than the ones asked already. Anyways, your presence here is really appreciated. I hope we get to see a powerful and a finely- executed script of yours in future because we desperately need dramas based on new ideas. Thank you.
@Myra, Thanks a lot for taking time out to reply . I just loved the promise of the story. It seemed so good and then it got lost in translation. As someone else has mentioned below, can you share the script so that we can all enjoy the promised story. Characterisation was fab although the wrong choice of actors brought down the quality of the drama.
Thank you for answering so many of our questions.
My heart goes out to you for having such a good story line hacked in such a way.
@Myra ka Sajid: Aah! Thank you for taking the time to respond .. much appreciated! If you are still following the thread, and if its not too much of an imposition, it would be great if you could answer the couple of other readers’ questions. In either case we really do appreciate your responding to our queries with such good humor – thanks!
@All Friends Here: @SZ has made a great start to bring in 2014 by giving this page a new cheerful look. Wishing all of you a Happy, Healthy, Successful, Lucky and an altogether AWESOME 2014!!
@RR: Hey! Glad to know that you are liking this new look 🙂
Indeed, a very happy, healthy, prosperous new year to all our friends here … you all made 2013 so much fun… here’s to hoping for a merrier 2014!
@SZ and @All Thank you all for making this yr so much fun.. Although I joined this forum late, I thoroughly enjoyed it!
And I hope we r not over Numm just yet.. Im still counting on the full story to come out (and perhaps its review too 🙂 ).. Afterall, we did think we were all part of a book club at one point…So fingers crossed!
Yes, I still haven’t watched epi 17 and 18. God bless you, SZ, for telling us in the very beginning of your analysis that Wali dies. Now I will definitely stick to my decision of not watching Numb to completion. You have saved me time.
@SZ were you able to get a hold of the script. I would really like to know the actual story told by the writer.
@SZ. I would also like to know about the story too . I still think about it.
@db @yf and @Ranjan: No yaar, havent read the story .. and waisy bhi I think the writer shared all that he chose to share … lets just chalk this one up to the could’ve been should’ve beens and leave it at that ..
So I’m three years late to this party, and I’m pretty sure this comment will go unread altogether, lol. But I just finished watching Numm and I have too many random thoughts that need to be expressed somehow.
I didn’t know about Numm until recently when a friend turned me on to the show and I became interested in it primarily for Fawad Khan-shaped reasons. The friend did warn me that this was a different sort of FK drama and that I’d be tempted to throw my laptop at the wall whole watching it. She wasn’t wrong!
That brings me to Neelum. As a character, she had real potential. A girl too young and immature to be a wife, much less the wife of a man who is already married in a way, could have been really interesting. Imagine, for example, if instead of just bulldozing everything in her path, N was sufficiently self-aware to realize the way to Wali’s heart is through Mahjabeen.
Haha! Don’t worry, you fit right in, typos ‘n all 😉
Our threads are always open and you will pretty much always find someone willing to discuss the would’ve and should’ve of a particular drama – welcome aboard!
You watched it in one go on YT, imagine us waiting a whole week and then getting such wonky eps! I agree with some of the commentators on the various threads that by the time it ended, we all had come up with so many more logical scenarios than what unfolded on screen.
So invested were we/I in this one that three years down the road I still couldn’t get over it, hence my question to Sania Saeed ( Mahjabeen in Numm) about her take on the project .. if you haven’t already, do check out her response in the fifth part of her interview ..
All: please feel free to jump in and suggest other faves you all might have ..
And, now that you’ve found us, do join in our ongoing convos. We enjoy discussions with like-minded friends who enjoy watching dramas just closely and seriously 😀
Thanks so much! I went back and listened to Sania Saeed’s comments on Numm. She’s clearly as frustrated and disappointed about it as we are. I wonder what happened though. Budget ran out? Writer and director didn’t get along? Who knows. The weird thing is that this show had real craft in certain subplots. For example, Mj’s hairpin is a pretty good McGuffin, showing up symbolically as and when needed. It’s a neat trick, and the writer and director pulled that off pretty well. But much of the plot was a disaster, and actually knowing the whole thing may have derailed for reasons other than poor writing is weirdly satisfying.
But I watched 5 times again till the 8th episode n part of ninth episode where the so called pouty mouth N enters the house.
Still can’t believe why did director do this to all of us.
It’s a running joke now that I will use any opportunity to bring up Numm, but I think it’s because, like you and many others, I thought this show had SO much potential, but ultimately, that potential wasn’t realized and we were all left frustrated and wanting more.
The problem is that women taking things into their own hands was relegated to the last 10 minutes of the final episode, and what we were left with is the Numm-oona we finally watched. Sigh.
I wonder what Numm would have been if it was written by someone like Bee Gul, lol.
Haha! Sorry Im laughing but honestly your comments remind so much of all our shared pain as we went through this serial, one painful week after another, hoping against hope that it would improve, but alas! It took a while but now, after so long I;m truly over it .. gone are all the whys and hows .. so yeah, I can tell you for experience ke just hang in there ..this feeling of frustration shall pass ..
But now that you’ve found our little corner of the web, I hope you’ll stay in touch and perhaps join us on other threads …. what else are you watching these days?

AC/DC You Shook Me All Night Long EX 7" Details...
Air Supply Every Woman In The World EX 7" Details...
Al Green I'm Still In Love With You EX- 7" Details...
Andrew Gold Thank You For Being A Friend EX- 7" Details...
Andy Gibb I Just Want To Be Your Everything EX- 7" Details...
Animals Bring It On Home To Me EX- 7" Details...
Animals Don't Bring Me Down EX- 7" Details...
Animals The House Of The Rising Sun EX- 7" Details...

Rosacea can be embarrassing. And if it is untreated, it can get worse. If the symptoms bother you, see your doctor and learn ways to control rosacea.
Experts are not sure what causes rosacea. It tends to affect people who have fair skin or blush easily, and it seems to run in families.
Take care of your eyes. Gently wash your eyelids with a product made for the eyes. Apply a warm, wet cloth several times a day. Use artificial tears if your eyes feel dry.
What medicines are used to treat rosacea?
The exact cause of rosacea is unknown. One theory is that it may result from oversensitive blood vessels in the face. Because rosacea causes increased warmth in the skin, bacteria may grow, causing the pimples and bumps.
Tiny mites (Demodex folliculorum) that normally live on our skin may also play a role. People who have rosacea have more of these mites on their faces than those who don't have the disease.
Flare-ups often start when certain triggers cause the blood vessels in the face to dilate, which causes redness. Common triggers are sun, exercise, hot weather, emotional stress, spicy foods, alcohol, and hot baths. Swings in temperature from hot to cold or cold to hot can also trigger a flare-up of rosacea.
Many people with this skin condition have a family history of rosacea.1
There may be a link between rosacea and Helicobacter pylori bacteria, which causes an infection in the stomach, although studies are unclear.
Alcohol and poor hygiene do not cause rosacea, as was believed in the past. But drinking alcohol may trigger facial flushing and can cause symptoms to get worse.
Some people may notice that their skin has become very sensitive or that they blush easily before they notice other symptoms of rosacea. For example, facial products may burn their skin.
Red lines on the face (telangiectasia). These small, thin, red lines are tiny blood vessels that look like spiderwebs. And they usually appear on the cheeks.
Swollen bumps on the nose. In severe cases, mostly in men, the nose appears enlarged, bulbous, and red, a condition called rhinophyma.
Rosacea may be mistaken for some other conditions with similar symptoms, such as acne or lupus.
Some research suggests a link between rosacea and migraine headaches.1 Blood vessels may be the connection between these two conditions.
Along with the redness and pimples of the face, rosacea can also affect the eyes. Eye symptoms may develop before you notice facial symptoms, and they include redness, dryness, infection, and burning (conjunctivitis). If eye problems are not treated, they can lead to more serious complications. In some cases, vision may be blurry, but vision is damaged only in severe cases.
Treatment can help control rosacea symptoms and prevent the condition from getting worse. If untreated, rosacea may lead to a condition called rhinophyma, in which long-term (chronic) inflammation causes the nose to appear enlarged and bulbous, red, and with thick bumps. This is due to the oil-producing (sebaceous) glands and the tissues of the nose getting larger. Rhinophyma is more common in men than women. It often takes several years to develop. But most cases of rosacea do not progress this far.
There are no known risk factors for rosacea. But many people with this skin condition have family members with rosacea.1
Call your doctor if you notice symptoms that could be caused by rosacea, such as:
Red patches on your face that come and go.
Redness, pimples, and small, red lines on your face.
If you notice any symptoms of rosacea, such as redness, redness with pimples, eye irritation, or large, swollen bumps on your nose, call your doctor. If you start treatment when you first notice symptoms, it is likely that your symptoms will improve and your condition will not get worse.
Your doctor will diagnosis rosacea after a physical examination. You probably will not have medical tests unless the diagnosis is unclear. In that case, tests will rule out other conditions, such as lupus or a fungal infection.
During an examination, your doctor will check your eyes and the skin on your face, neck, and upper chest for any symptoms of rosacea. Tell your doctor when you first noticed symptoms and how often they occur. This information, along with your family history, is usually enough for a diagnosis.
There is no cure for rosacea. Treatment often helps keep symptoms under control and prevents the disease from getting worse. If left untreated, rosacea symptoms can get worse, can recur more often, and eventually may become permanent.
Treatment for the four main forms of rosacea vary depending on your symptoms:1
Erythematotelangiectatic. Symptoms include flushing and often thin, red lines (telangiectasias) on the face. Some people report stinging or burning of the face. Treatment may include oral antibiotics. Your skin may be too sensitive for you to use ointments on your face. In mild cases, you can apply a gentle anti-inflammatory product and sunscreen in the morning. If medicine does not clear up the thin, red lines, which are tiny blood vessels, a form of laser surgery called pulsed dye laser therapy may help.
Papulopustular. Symptoms include small pimples (pustules). You can also have facial flushing and tiny, red lines on your cheeks. Your doctor may prescribe ointments for your face or antibiotic medicine. You may even use both at the same time. Skin tends to be less sensitive with this form of rosacea.
With treatment, symptoms usually improve in 2 to 4 weeks. You'll see the best results in about 2 months.
Identifying and avoiding triggers that cause rosacea flare-ups is an important part of treatment. Keep a list or diary of triggers to help you avoid those foods, products, or activities that might cause flare-ups. Even people who are using medicine to control rosacea benefit from avoiding triggers.
The cause of rosacea is unknown, and there is no way to prevent it.
But there are steps that you can take to prevent flare-ups of rosacea, and this can help stop the condition from getting worse. You can find out what triggers your flare-ups by making a list of what you were eating or doing around the time you had a breakout. Some triggers include sun and wind, hot and cold temperatures, stress, spicy foods, skin care products, and exercise.
There are several things you can do to reduce symptoms of rosacea and prevent the condition from getting worse.
Eye care. Apply warm compresses several times a day, and gently wash your eyelids with a product made for the eyes. Use artificial tears if your eyes feel dry.
Use sunscreen on your face every day. Avoid the midday sun, and wear a wide-brimmed hat.
Minimize stress in your life. Take care of yourself, eat a balanced diet, and exercise regularly.
Limit consumption of alcohol, spicy foods, and hot drinks.
Stay as cool as possible when you exercise. Try to exercise for shorter, more frequent intervals, and do low-intensity workouts. In the summer, exercise during the cool morning hours.
Avoid excessive hot water, hot tubs, and saunas.
Use skin care products for sensitive skin. And avoid any products that are abrasive or that irritate your skin.
With antibiotic treatment, symptoms usually improve in 3 to 4 weeks, with greater improvement in 2 months.
Swollen bumps on the nose (rhinophyma) do not respond well to antibiotic treatment.
Antibiotics. Used alone or with another medicine, antibiotics are the most common medicines doctors prescribe to treat rosacea.
Note: Women who are pregnant or may become pregnant should not take isotretinoin, because of the risk of serious side effects such as miscarriage and birth defects.
Medicines often work well to help improve the symptoms of rosacea.
You may need to keep taking medicine for rosacea if you have symptoms that are hard to control.
You may not be a good candidate for surgery if you are using isotretinoin or have used it within the last 6 to 12 months, because it may increase the risk of scarring after the procedure.
Habif TP, et al. (2005). Rosacea (acne rosacea). In Skin Disease Diagnosis and Treatment, pp. 98–101. St. Louis: Mosby.

ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS HALLOUMI PIGS IN BLANKETS 😍😍😍😍
2018's top 5 most trending runway shows are... https://t.co/6WnR3GUf4a

On November 15, 2017, Difficult People was cancelled. There will be no fourth season.
What do you think? Are you disappointed Hulu cancelled its Difficult People TV series? If it were up to you, would Difficult People be cancelled or renewed for season four?
I really hope this show is renewed, it’s hilarious!

At its recent annual general meeting, the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Nova Scotia announced that it is getting ready for the privatization of health care. It will look at ways to regulate private health care as part of its strategic two-year plan.
Decades of research have shown that private health care is less safe than public health care. Whether it’s private hospitals, clinics, or nursing homes, private care cuts corners to maximize profit at any cost.
Recent studies at McMaster University have demonstrated that patients are more likely to die in for-profit hospitals. Since the National Health Service opened up to privatization, it has led to a huge increase in infant mortality in the U.K. Here in Nova Scotia, we often hear from residents in private, long-term-care homes about policies for staff to weigh diapers to make sure they are as full as possible before changing them.
There is no way to regulate private health care to be as safe as the public system. No matter where you look, private health care delivers worse health outcomes. By regulating, the college will give its stamp of approval to substandard care.
Regulation of private health care in other jurisdictions has proven costly and less than effective. The United States has the highest regulated private health sector out of the OECD countries, spending over $169 billion per year. Yet, it stills reports hundreds of billions of dollars lost to health fraud and abuse. The U.K. and Australia have also experimented with regulation, but consistently report lower health outcomes in private, for-profit clinics and hospitals, not to mention extra-billing.
Even within Canada, regulation hasn’t worked. The college is looking to model its own policies after B.C., yet that province has struggled to regulate private providers. The province is now embroiled in lengthy lawsuits against private clinics for hundreds of thousands of dollars in fraud.
The safest and most cost-efficient health care is delivered by non-profit and publicly funded providers. Trying to regulate for-profit medicine is both costly and ineffective.
The College of Physicians and Surgeons needs to turn away from private health care completely and uphold the highest standards of care for patients. The college, its doctors, and all Nova Scotians should settle for nothing less.

“Wiktor is gay! and If you don’t want him, you won’t have me, either!” – I shouted at my husband as soon as he opened the door coming back from work on the day our older son, Wiktor, came out.
My husband, man of few words, didn’t say anything.
That’s good – I thought, there’s hope he accepts it, just like I did, instantly, without second thoughts, without a shadow of a doubt. Only with remorse that I hadn’t supported him, that he had had to shoulder this burden all alone, surrounded with homophobia. How could I let this happen? Forgive me, my darling son.
However, the real test of acceptance was to take place when Wiktor first introduced us to his partner Wania. The meeting between him and my husband had been nice, though slightly official, but what would happen now we were to say goodbye in public, at a bus station…?
Then it was my husband’s turn and…?
Then my husband hugged THEM BOTH IN THE SAME WAY – fondly, like a man, slightly stiffly, but heartily and now I know that nothing, nothing has changed!
That we love our gay son very much, like never before, like a beloved one.
A few years have passed and today there is a grandson in our extended family. I’m his “fourth grandmother” – babcia, babuszka, oma. Now I only have to wait for the rest of the family to get used to this thought, so that I can cuddle my grandson.

- Sex And The City: The Sequel (2010)
[NEWS] Miley Cyrus On Her New Album: ‘I Don’t Care If I Make A Dime On This’

If you're dealing with chronic pain, you probably already know what a devastatingly lonely experience it can be.
Even with the most supportive family and friends, you can still feel alone because they don't know—they can't know—what it's like to endure chronic pain each and every day of your life.
Online support can be a lifeline for people dealing with chronic pain and depression. See Open Letter from a Person with Chronic Pain
You may feel sick and tired of explaining yourself and having it affect all the most important relationships in your life.
This is where online support groups come in—an online discussion forum where people with the same kinds of pain are dealing with the same things you are.
Visit our online Forums for back and neck pain support.
Contrary to how many people view online chronic pain support forums, the people in these groups are not whiners and attention seekers. On Spine-health.com's back pain forums and social media, we find people are almost universally constructive, supportive, and at times downright hilarious.
With the rise of social media, we are finding people are also offering support and inspiration on our Spine-health Facebook and Twitter pages.
So what are the main benefits of participating in an online support community?
Community members can validate your feelings—no, you're not crazy nor imagining it!
They give you hope, even in your deepest times of need.
They spur you on to keep coping and looking for pain relief even after you're exhausted and want to give up.
They help you with daily living problems. Should you get a shower seat? How do you arrange the pillows at night to get back support? What are recipes that are easy to prepare and nutritious?
They are available day or night. Up with intense pain at 2 am and feeling all alone? Log on and you'll have company—your online friends can help you get through the night.
And sometimes, best of all, you get the satisfaction of helping others. You can reach out to others when they post questions, need an emotional lift, or just need to talk.
A good pain management program and other approaches can hopefully help you from a medical perspective.
And if you're really depressed, take care to get help from a professional right away.
And by all means, don't forget to take good care of your emotional, spiritual, and psychological health too by finding a good support group.
You will be amazed at how many people suffer from the same pain and related challenges as you do, and how refreshing it is to meet others in such similar situations. Cyber hugs to all!

This group has not yet submitted a description.
There are 0 open, public tasks, 0 total.
Submitted by Human Resources; posted on Thursday, December 13, 2018
PhD in Medical Informatics, Computer Science, Data Science, Biomedical informatics, Computational Biology, Computer vision or a related field
The level of position will be based on years of experience and accomplishments in a bioinformatics, data science, computational biology or computer vision or computational health related field
For more information on the Marshfield Clinic Research Institute, visit: marshfieldresearch.org
For more information on the 2017 Year in Review, visit: marshfieldresearch.org/mcri-year-review
A full PDF version of this job posting is available from the following URL: www.medical-epigenomics.org/file[...]t.pdf
We are looking for candidates who want to pursue groundbreaking research and advance their scientific career. A typical background could be in molecular biology, biomedical research, bioengineering, or related areas (cell-based therapies, functional genomics, etc.). A keen interest in interdisciplinary collaboration is a plus. We are fully equipped and experienced with wet-lab and computational work, allowing candidates to get the best of both worlds and establish a unique skill set that will allow them to combine both wet-lab and bioinformatics in their future lab.
Diagnostics. New technologies (genome sequencing, mobile devices, etc.) provide important information for personalized medicine. We develop and validate assays and algorithms for translating the value of digital medicine into routine clinical practice.
The Principal Investigator (scholar.google.com/cita[...]AAAAJ):
Please apply online (cemm.jobbase.io/job/o3e97zc9) with cover letter, CV, academic transcripts, and contact details of three referees. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Any application received by 21 January 2019 will be considered. Start dates are flexible.
As an embedded bioinformatician, you will have the opportunity to contribute directly to multiple research projects, from experimental design to data analysis and interpretation, interacting with a strong, interdisciplinary bioinformatics and deep sequencing team that provides access to a large Sequencing Facility (HiSeq3000, HiSeq2500, NextSeq500), as well as a high-performance Data Center with Petabyte-scale storage solutions.
This position is open immediately and initially funded for two years.
Based within a region that connects Germany, France and Switzerland, our institute hosts a vibrant community of international researchers, state-of-the-art facilities, and modern office spaces. A childcare facility is directly attached to the institute. At the heart of the Black Forest, Freiburg offers a family-friendly atmosphere and excellent recreational possibilities for cultural and outdoor activities. Salaries will be based on previous experience according to the German pay scale for civil service (TVöD) including health insurance and other social benefits.
For informal inquiries please contact: boehm[at]ie-freiburg.mpg.de
The Bioinformatics team develops and applies state of the art approaches to whole genome sequences (WGS) in the areas of:
This analyst role is part of a highly motivated Bioinformatics team, working as part of a small team responsible for rare disease analysis and study of non-tumour genomes.
Benchmarking tools for quality control, processing and analysis of whole genome sequence data, e.g, alignment, variant callers for variants of different size ranges
Establishing general bioinformatics resources for day-to-day use by colleagues
Ability to communicate effectively within a multidisciplinary team
Practical knowledge of statistics and/or machine learning
There are some great benefits on offer with this role including a competitive salary, pension, generous holidays and more.
Please do not hesitate to contact Harvey Uppal at huppal[at]pararecruit.com or call (+44) 121 616 3407 to discuss this opportunity further.
The Segrè lab in the Department of Ophthalmology and Ocular Genomic Institute at Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary (MEEI), a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School, develops new computational and statistical methods that integrate large-scale human genetic association and sequencing studies with functional genomics and pathway data, to identify new causal genes and regulatory mechanisms that lead to common eye diseases, such as age-related macular degeneration, glaucoma and diabetic retinopathy, paving the way for new therapies.
We are seeking a highly motivated and talented Computational Biologist or Bioinformaticist with formal training in statistics, mathematics, computer science, bioinformatics, or a related quantitative field, that is interested in statistical and computational analyses of large-scale genetics and -omics data to study the genetic and biological causes of common eye diseases. To learn more about the lab please visit: segrelab.meei.harvard.edu.
A competitive salary will be provided commensurate with experience, along with health and other benefits.
The Department of Computer Science at Saint Louis University, a Catholic, Jesuit institution dedicated to student learning, research, health care, and service, is seeking candidates for a tenured or tenure-track faculty position, to begin in August 2019. We are interested in candidates with a demonstrated record of addressing biological problems and omics data sets with computational approaches. Rank will be commensurate with qualifications and experience; outstanding candidates at all levels are encouraged to apply.
All applications must be made online at jobs.slu.edu and include a cover letter, CV, statement of research interests, statement of teaching interests and experiences, and contact information for three or more potential references. Review of applications will begin on January 7, 2019 and continue until the position is filled.
Additional information about the position and the department can be found at cs.slu.edu/hiring.
Paramount are working in partnership with Genomics England to expand their team in order to deliver success with the 100,000 Genomes Project. This is a challenging and fast moving project with the aim to carry out whole genome sequencing on 100,000 participants.
The Bioinformatics team develops and applies state of the art approaches to 100,000 whole genome sequences (WGS) in the areas of:
Perform quality assurance of the analysis and interpretation made by third parties and by our in-house pipeline for both Rare Disease and Cancer.
Review variant calls in a timely manner that can be used to inform clinical decisions and for research purposes within the NHS G